Good product for a young child to play with without breaking
My daughter (4) she loves it. Easy to navigate, hard to break.
Great device and easy setup.The ease of use for the kids are also great.
My gf loved it and uses it all the time. She gets books she wanted to follow up on
I bought two tablets for you little ones and they love them. I would recommend.
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
This is the best tablet I've ever purchased. The screen is amazing and very functional and the kid mode is easy to get to and my 5 year old loves it makes me jealous and want to get a kindle but that's ok I can use parent most while he's sleeping. All over a really good tablet for both parent and child
Got this for my daughter 2nd birthday and she absolutely love it.
I've had kindles for years and this latest one is also right up at the top
Bought this for my six year old grandson. The set up was very easy. He is able to download kids only stuff and can send us videos of himself using the app. He just loves it. Truly kid friendly.
very good product and service will refer a friend.
It has a great camera and I really enjoy my games and Facebook on this larger screen than my phone. I love not using my data up on my phone.
Got this for my 18 month old son so that he can watch movies on our trip to LA and he loved it. Lots of games, apps and much more. Still learning more features about this product and we love it too.
I prefer the Kindle to a book. I like the change of letter size, storing many, many books, and the ease of carrying it. I love to read when I travel, and this is the way to go.
My husband loves this Kindle. He has a muscular disease keeping him from being able to handle anything with much weight at all. This is perfect.
My son is 3 and he loves it so easy to use. It's great.
My grandson really enjoyed this product. Good deal.
Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.
For the money I highly recommended it. It is great when linked to Netflix, Disney Movies, etc
I got this for my daughter, she enjoy playing this
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
UI is not smooth, it flickers sometimes. Overall a thumbs up from me
My son love it. He watch his favorite cartoon shows and love to read books
My wife loves to read, but she was always hesitant to try ebooks. She used to think that ebooks could never have the same tactile feel as a physical book. I talked her into it by telling her its lighter, easier to hold, can hold thousands of books and if she hated it we can return it. But she loves ebooks now and doesnt want to go back. She also found out that Amazon has a lot of books which cost nothing, namely classics and such...I think. If you like to read in the dark then get the paperwhite version. The LED's are a nice touch.
I am using it for my 3 year old and she loves it..
Great for little kids who have a problem with breaking stuff.
This is great product. The tablet are made tough and great price.
My son love it. He watch his favorite cartoon shows and love to read books
My 3 and 2 year old download their own games.Easy to set up and get working. Thanks to parental Control, I know what they are downloading
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
My 2 yr old loves it!!! We got it in pink. Love that you can put restrictions on it, as well as a timer so that theyre not on it too long. The games and books are awesome
I got this for my mother as a gift. She absolutely loves it. She was wanting a small, cheap tablet and this fit her needs.
Gave it to my grandkids (ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
Bought this as a gift for my daughter and it was a good buyShock proof and great educational apps for kids in it
My daughter loved it . Best gift for the price it comes with way more then I could have expected
No instructions on adding the memory card and how to move things to the card vs on internally.
My son loves it. Light weight. Good price for a great product. I would purchase another one.
This was a gift for my kids. They love them. Easy to use and lots of great apps!
This is my 2yr. olds and he loves it. He loves the different games and watching reviews.
My fiancée really enjoyes it! I would definitely recommend.
Love the safety features for parents to protect their little ones from some content on the Internet. Love preloaded programs
I recommend it for kids .great for find games easily.
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
Great tablet for destructive toddlers. My son has dropped and thrown it several times and it still works!...
I replaced my kindle that I had for 4 years with the new one and after a short time was able to access all my books and continue reading the book that I was reading before I bought the new kindle. I am pleased with the new touch screen for moving to the next page, like that this one is smaller and easier to take in my purse. I did purchase a case and it is protective and durable. I will enjoy this kindle for years to come
bought this kindle for my grandson, he loves it and it very easy to use
Kindle products are fantastic. I've used a kindle & now have a Kindle fire. Use it everyday, so naturally, I would select a Kindle for my granddaughter.
My son just love playing games on this tablet. Its easy and fun!
I highly recommend this tablet for a toddler. There are plenty of learning activities that engage little minds. The case that comes with it is sturdy, my toddler drops/throws this tablet and it's not damaged at all.
I highly recommend this product for children with special needs
Kid proof and works well!! There are plenty of apps too!
So we gave it to my 1yr old for christmas, on the box it says if you break any way theyll replace, 30sec after opening he throws it down and jumps on .... works great lol loves watching spongbob on lol
Had problem with cutting off device. Good easy read
My daughter loves it. So easy to set up. And keeps everything age appropriate.
This was a purchase made for a cruise. I could not see my fire in the sun.
purchased for my grandson. He loves it. When setting up be sure to update the software
This tablet is great for kids. I bought it for my Grandson and he is delighted with it. He uses it constantly.
Love my kindle ! I enjoy reading everyday and I can easily throw in my bag with out it adding any weight .
Quite light, easy to conceal, easy to use and quite quick.
My granddaughter loved it. She used it for her school work.
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
I love this tablet. I got one for each one of the kids all different ages and they all love it.
I love this tablet. I purchased them for gift and am so glad I did!
Great tablet for my 4 and 8 year old.... kid friendly, safe, and mom and dad enjoy it as well! Love that it comes in a protective case. Reasonably priced for a great tablet the kids love!
Looks pretty solid will update review as soon as gift is opened .
Our 3rd Amazon fire. The battery life is outstanding. Really nice when reading a book not having to worry about the battery. Nice size.
Aiden's is loving his tablet, using educational apps learning his letters and numbers
You can't do better for$60. My only concerns is the battery life could be a bit better and it has a cheap plastic feel to it. Great for light browsing and Kindle reading though.
We got this for our nephew and he absolutely loves it, very easy for him to use too.
This is my second Kindle and I love it! It's so convenient to be able to carry around hundreds of books without the bulk and weight of literally carrying around hundreds of books. I just wish I could have bought accessories at Best Buy. Also, the sales rep knew nothing about the devices and had to 'Goggle' info on her phone.
Great tablet and kid case. I just wish it came with kids apps.
My daughter loves that it is pink and she enjoys watching videos/playing on the tablet, which is what really matters. Sufficient and cheaper alternative to the more expensive tablet alternatives.
Easy to figure out and I like the paperwhite because it doesn’t strain your eyes and you can adjust the size of the font. Bought one for my mom too and she loves it. The only con is the touch sensitivity could be better, but not bad for $60 on sale
I like the contrast it is easy to read on outside.
Easy to use. A useful source for kids activity while on the road load up movies books and games! Cheap product but great use good education for ur kids too
My niece and nephew are going to love this! I got it for a great price too. What a nice Christmas present
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
My child loves her tablet and I love it. It keeps her busy with learning games and books
I love my Amazon Fire tablet, I bought this all the while knowing that people had negative reviews... But honestly I don't know what they did to theirs because mines doesn't have any issues... I've had mines for over a month and still working perfectly like I just bought it yesterday...
It's simple and not difficult for young children to learn. Also is build sturdy in case it does get dropped more than a few times.
good tablet for the price its quick and easy to use
she loves it she is 6yrs old and it fits her level well and she just loves it
This is great if you have two kids and want to give them a tablet to play with. My problem is that my child is dyslexic and this is the lowest level reader that currently supports audible.com... that is the hardware supports audible. In order for my child to use audible I had to disable all of the family features and try to turn it into a reader... I was sad because there are lots of great family features that I had to disable.I did not use geek squad, I reached out directly to kindle support. Pre-sales, they could not tell me the difference between the free and paid family packages. I had to get to a senior person to help me figure be out why audible did not work and the to disable the family features ... even then, I could not disable the Alexa app. My child has full access to Alexa and the rights to turn on shopping.... kind of scary.So my disappointment is that Amazon does not make a kid friendly kindle that we can have audible.com on for my child's learning disability.
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
My son thoroughly enjoys having this tablet, and I love the protective case that comes with it.
is very good product and the difiitioin is very good thanks
Purchased for our niece. She is 6 years old and it's perfect for her. She loves it!
My niece loves this tablet! She will not put it down!
My almost 4 year old will recieve this for christmas this year but i set it all up prior. I love the parental locks and timers!!!! Soooooo many fun characters for her to choose from to enjoy at every level. The case is soft and light but sterdy!
Very sturdy for little people who might drop it easy to read
Love my new Kindle fire. This replaces my old one and is just as good. Videos are as good as my tv with cable. Well with every penny spent and better deal than when I tried Amazon.
I wanted something small to read books on on the go. This fit the bill perfectly! Not to big and not to small. It does more things than I was expecting!
Perfect for educational games. The protective case sold me.
I purchased this as a gift for my mother. Her first tablet and she loves it. Easy for her to navigate.
We love this table for our 5 y.o. It gives him the sense of independence he wants and me the sense of calmness knowing I can control what he gets on and how long he can spend in screen time!
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
This little sorcerer's box displays magical pictures and bright pretty colors.
I bought this tablet for myself because I bought the 8 gb one for my 6 year old and was so impressed with it that I bought myself the 16 gb one
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it!!! The display is very clear and easy to see. The set up allows for you to choose child safe settings with PIN protected parent lock to help protect young users from inappropriate content. This is well worth the affordable cost!
for the price this is a great works well the for the price display is hd love it
I was resistant to putting down my real books and begin using a kindle. I'm so glad I did. It's so convenient to shop and instantly download a book. Plus no more storing hundreds on books in my house.
This is a pretty substantial tablet, lots of learning apps and the ability to download Netflix is a plus
It doesn't get five stars because there is an issue with the plug in for the charger. It won't plug in all the way it stays loose and comes out. Other than that it's just with my grandson want it he loves it!
Tablet met all her needs! She loves it! Great purchase
Great customer service at Best Buy I was able to navigate through the product before actually purchasing it I will def be back and highly recommend it
My daughter picked this tablet after her HD Fire battery would no longer work. The insurance kicked in and she picked this one instead of the HD. She wanted more memory for her music does not use it to watch movies really. She loves the blue color and is working just perfect for her.
Purchased this tablet for a gift..They love it. Easy to use.
Just installed, but like it so far. The picture is clear and the price is affordable.
bought this for my 6 year old grandson who's a bit rough but loves to play games and read...he loves it
I had the 4th generation. I am quite happy with the upgrade. Good battery life
my 2 year old daughter loves this tablet! I witnessed her drop it once (off the couch to laminate floor) nothing I can tell was affected. I was a little reluctant to buy this for such a young child, but with the way we seem to rely on technology these days, plus the cost, I just had to buy it. my favorite feature is the parental controls that allow me to set times ...not just times that it can be used but for certain content as well! I can set the tablet so when my older kids (10 and 8) log in, they need to complete educational tasks for an allotted amount of time before free play... and the whole thing logs out after a certain time so I don't have to go searching for it in their rooms at night :) great tablet, glad I got the bumper too, great price
Bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it!
We bought this for our 2 yr old granddaughter and she loves it! It has so many apps and videos for her to watch. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a tablet for a child.
The product is very durable and is great for children
Quite an upgrade from the original Fire. The deletion of the carousel was a welcome change. The new turn style approach is faster and more consice. Still don't know why a chime sounds? Also miss the ease of making notes while reading. There has got to be a better way to organize books. Trying to figure out series, trilogies etc. Is impossible, and if you buy a series in a set then the chances are good that Amazon won't pick up a new purchase as a book already read.
Exactly what I was looking for size wise and functional.
Fits nicely in your hand and its touchable. increase the size of the fonts
Highly impressed with my purchase. Allows me to use my iPad again since my 3 years old granddaughter finally has her own tablet. Great support and numerous educational apps for children!
It is easy for little ones to use. Great beginner buy.
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
it works great it is handy to use to look stuff up fast and has some great features.i added a memory card to add movies and it works great for that at a great price
Very satisfied. Price was great. The curved screen is nice but I believe you get more TV with straight screen. I believe it is just a viewers choice. We have a sound system so I can't speak about the sound.
Easy to navigate. Daughter loves it. It's lightweigh and its just what she needed for this avid reader.
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Excellent product,my children love this item. Thanks
So read reviews on a few tablets but honeatly felt this was the one for my kids bought it and sure enough it was it best apps for kids especially reading for kids amazon did a good deal on this and if you have prime it links up with your account for videos too
After reading the reviews and also seeing in the description that this has a 2 year unconditional warranty we were sold. Our child loves this tablet and he's dropped it many times with no damage. The thick padded case really does work wonders for this.
My son's love there tablet. Great but for the price
Bought for my 3 year old and she loves it! Haven't had any issues!
Purchased one for my older son last year....Got this second d one for the younger one so they don't fight over them.
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
I like the tablet; however, there are occasions when it does not boot up when it is turned on. I probably need to take it into the store so that a determination can be made and it can be fixed.
The kindle has come in very handy lately, I always have a book to read and this is great to just grab on the go. Battery life is great, only drawback is no backlight.
I like the price and features of the tablet . Its great in this price
This tablet is so great for school children to play and learn on.
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 2 year old it's ok
If you want to read anytime where there's a light source this is thereafter for you. If you do a lot of night reading the paper white is cheaper considering the add kns you will have to buy for the base model.
Great tablet for reading and game play. Color is great.
My grandson really enjoyed this product. Good deal.
My son absolutely loves this tablet. He has dropped it a lot and hasn't cracked it yet but even if he did amazon would replace it for up to two years for free. I also like the prime account for the kids to be able to play whatever apps for free
Its worth every penny. The kids loved it our home is quieter then ever.
My son is obsessed with his kids kindle!! A must have so they stay off your phone !
Great sharp pictures and easy navigation. Enjoy the different background option for my books.
This was a perfect tablet for my 12 year old. It does everything that she needed it to.
The tablet is very light and streams well. I only use it to stream movies and it's much ligher then an iPad so makes mobility that much better.
I had one of the first Kindle fires for years and I loved it. So I wanted another newer one and it's great! Has a good battery.
This is my second kindle. Have a few more items to learn. But love it. Easy to get around the apps.
It's a good tablet for kids the only thing I really don't like is the fact that you need to put in a credit card to be able to get apps but other than that is ok
Am happy with my purchase and the item is being used by my brother's son and he is also happy as on dat
Small and easy to use for children when traveling.
She love it. She said it easy to use.She love it very much
I purchased this Kindle for my daughter and she really enjoys using it !!
My brother told me about this product. I bought it for my son and he loves it.
Great tablet for the grandkids, they love it great item
Great for small children allows for limited time setting. Also allows parents to set a requirement for how long educational apps must be used before free time. Case works well
Love not having to carry books and being able to get a variety of books.
Great tablet for under $100. Does not have the highest specs, but gets the job done for lite tablet users.
amazon fire 7 inch tablet is a great product and works great and no issues
Gift for my great nephew and he really loves it. He loves it so much that Mom has to limit amount of time he allowed to play with it because he would play it 24/7.
Originally I bought this for my 4 and 5 year olds. They loved it and so did I. So many things to do on them and so much of what they love. I now got it as well for my 2 year old. The best part of it all is the cases come with the tablets and they have 3 colors to choose from, so perfect for me.
Bought it for my wife and I haven't heard any complaints, so I think it's great. If she's happy I'm happy
My nephew is going to college next year and we want to give him a gift. Kindle suits it well for him to learn and study.
reviews were quite on spot with this product,very easy setup and very easy to use
My son enjoys to play with his tablet but definitely you gotta take a little time to set it up for them to be safe while they are playing with.
I bought this tablet right after Black Friday. It had good reviews, a perfect warranty for kids, and a reputable branding. Once set up, it has a good cover that is light and hard for a child to remove. The included one year software Freetime is user friendly and convenient to navigate. So far, we really like this tablet. The only thing that I still need time to determine its battery life. After about 2 hours of game play, the battery is about at 50%. Very satisfied.
This is a great tablet for kids as it is not too expensive and there is a 2 year warranty. If it breaks within 2 years, they replace it. My 4 year is very rough with things. My husband was letting him plug the charger in by himself and jammed it into the tablet, causing the charging port to break. I had no problems getting it replaced.
This is a great product and i would recommend it to anyone that enjoys reading.
I bought this item as a gift for a relative in her mid teens and so far no complaints.
My kids love their tablets. They play games and take pictures.
This was bought as a replacement to a shattered screen kindle. We are always happy with our kindle but can i just tell you how easy it was to set up the replacement!?!? Literally no strain on the brain, follow screen instructions and EVERYTHING from old kindle transferred over flawlessly! Awesome!
My 5 year old granddaughter cannot put her Fire tablet down. My granddaughter plays a variety of games and watches videos. She loves her tablet!
Used it for watching television shows. The picture was clear and the audio was decent for the location of the speakers.
I personally like the old shape ( more square ) of the kindle better. I use to have a 8 inch and loved it until my grandkids dropped it and now it doesn't work any more.
This is great for kids, my 3yr old uses and it has fallen and the cover really protects it. The kids section is filled with lots of apps
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
this was a christmas present, for the nephew works good, he loves it
I can download my pdf file and read in this kindle. I am satisfied with the performance.
I have a 3 year old at home. Best purchase ever! Indestructible. Reliable. Easy to program. I would highly recommend this.
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
My wife loves to read, but she was always hesitant to try ebooks. She used to think that ebooks could never have the same tactile feel as a physical book. I talked her into it by telling her its lighter, easier to hold, can hold thousands of books and if she hated it we can return it. But she loves ebooks now and doesnt want to go back. She also found out that Amazon has a lot of books which cost nothing, namely classics and such...I think. If you like to read in the dark then get the paperwhite version. The LED's are a nice touch.
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
Have not used the product. This item was a gift and I have not yet received word on the product.
I am very pleased with this purchase. It is lightweight and the smaller size enables me to carry it easily. This Kindle allows me to read out in the sun without any glare. The only suggested improvement would be a lighted display to enable reading at night.
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
i bought an amazon fire 7 tablet for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it. it is easy to operate and charge.
What a great tablet for for the grand kids.easy to use,can't say how many times it's hit the floor and no damage.
This is really good if you read a lot, doesn't strain your eyes and very light weight. Only demerit is - cant use in night if there is not enough light.
Keeps my granddaughter busy. She was showing me how to use it. Now she doesn't want to use mine.
This tablet is great for kids my grandson is sick and he absolutely loves it
It's a good tab for the kids, keeps them busy. Wish the speed was faster.
Very satisfied with this purchase my grandson loved it
My granddaughter loved her tablet and the color. It's amazing how easy it is for her to use, perfect birthday gift
This tablet is a nice budget friendly device that is also rugged. It has survived countless falls from my 3 yr old. He loves it and it keeps him learning for hours.
My wife purchased this for my daughter , great for learning to read.
I love my tablet!! I didn't think at first that I would like this size but it is perfect for me. I would recommend this tablet to all my friends.
Amazon kindle fire has a lot of free app and can be used by any one that wants to get online anywhere
bought for grand kids front camera rear camera wifi ready games they caN SKYPE SO MANY THINGS you can use it for 2 YEAR NO QUETION WARENTY its your best buy
Bought this for my 5 yr old grandson. Great buy for the price. He loves his new tablet.
This was the perfect gift for grandkids. I bought one in pink and one in green so each grandchild would have their own color. Lots of games come with the tablet and additional games and videos can be added.
Has everything you will ever need inside. For children and adultsA+++
Has what is necessary for the average individuals needs.
Very easy to use and love the graphics of the screen.
I really like that my child is engaged with all of the different apps we have downloaded.
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. I know she will like playing games on it
It great just a little small then what I would like it have been
This is the right device to play with puzzles, you can avoid samsung/verizon constant advertisements. Only wish the battery would last longer or charge faster.
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
This kindle allows me to download several books. It easily fits in a purse and is light weight
Purchased mainly to use travelling so haven't really had the opportunity to give it a fair road test at this point. It was advertised as capable of downloading movies and books so you can watch/read while travelling without burning through your data or being hit with data roaming fees or having to purchase wifi during flights.
Got it to gift to my friend. Absolutely loved it. Good value.
She has dropped it a few times and the case is just great
My daughter loves it. She loves the books that she can read.
This device meets the needs of my grandson. He can read and play games on it. It also has the parental safeguards.
My kids loved it, they were able to learn how to use it right away
Bought this for a 2 year old. She loves it! She's already got more things figured out on it than I do!. Good educational programs and some fun ones too!
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it.We set the parental controls for her age group, and now we don't have to worry about what she is doing on it. We downloaded her favorite disney movies onto it, and now she has her own little private movie theater. It also works great with our Amazon Fire TV and can watch a lot of her favorite kid shows. This is a great buy for the money and I recommend it to everyone.
My nephew loves his kindle. Durable structure that can withstand drops.
Will definitely keep buying Kindle fire from Best buy
I purchased this as a replacement for my older Kindle. It is excellent as always but I also noticed very little new features or updates since my last Kindle model. Would have liked some more design, form factor, or feature changes. That being said, it fits the bill and is amazingly light, so I have no other complaints.
Nice product I like the color of the screen very clear
Good item for children and is very inexpensive. Easy to hold and has a cover designed for it.
I purchased this product because I love to read and buying books got costly. With this product I can read all I want for 10.00 a month
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
Good tablet but no YouTube kids like on iPhone. Don't expect iPhone/pad quality very basic AppStore for children
This is a great product at a great price I would definitely recommend this to anybody especially good for college students or people that read books etc.
Was looking around for a good cheap tablet and this was the best one I could find especially because Best Buy was having a sale so with the Fire, a case, a stylus and a MicroSD card I only spent a little over a $100. I've been using it just about every day since I got it in December and I've not had any problems with it at all
This is the best purchase I've mad in a tablet my daughter loves it
I got this for my daughter, she enjoy playing this
So easy to use super clear can't. Beat the price all around great buy
This is a great product. Light weight. I wish it has wifi to download from online.
my son had a nabi we bought for learning & entertainment. there were many games we downloaded that didnt work without internet or would shut down randomly on it. But we habe yet to encounter a problem with the fire! i download games and books for him to read which work just great without having to be connected to the internet.
Grandson loves this tablet, does everything he needs
Got this for my 4 year old daughter, she enjoys playing games and reading books. A faster processor would me it better.
Love this!!!!It is kidproof...I have a active 1 year old grandson who enjoy it very much!!!
My wife and I wanted our children to still enjoy the feeling of having an "iPad", so we got the Amazon Fire Kids edition. It has been awesome. I love the way you can set limits on the tablet so they're not glued to it all day long. Kids mode is extremely beneficial.
Great product and reasonable price! Suitable for everyday use
I bought this kindle for my 11yr old granddaughter for Christmas. Me and my husband both had kindles several years prior, and she and my 6 year old grandson love watching and playing on them. Both children have all kinds of game systems but use the kindle way more. My 6 yr old grandson still plays with mine and loves watching you tube, videos and playing games on it. He has several game systems, Xbox, sega, ds but still uses my kindle all the time over those systems.my husband used his all the time for everything from internet to watching movies and shows. I'm getting ready to buy my grandson a new kindle( mine is a bit older and has cracked screen now but still works good).He would like one to call his own. I'm looking at a 16 GB or 32 GB.they are really durable and tough.
Purchased as a birthday gift for grandson and he LOVES it.
Many features packed into a low price. Good as an ereader or light tablet uses to surf internet, email and games. Easy to use. Memory is expandable too.
This was purchased as a replacement for one that was dropped one to many times. Hope this one lasts as long and stands up to the abuse the first one endured.
Nice and convenient just wish that it came with written directions so that I could brighten up the screen.
my son loves his tablet! best if you buy some amazon gift credit for some games and apps.
Great educational tool. Not just a toy. Kids love it .
This is my eighth Kindle. Some others were either lost or screen-damaged. I bought it as a spare. Current model is better looking than earlier versions (white case), sturdier, and has an improved screen. Great price also; wish I'd bought two.
Great for my 7 year old she loves it!!! Great price and great product!!!
I can read books, listen to books, go on facebook, shop, search the web almost anything on my brand new Kindle Fire!!
I'm not huge on kids using electronics, but my son (4) loves this when we take trips as he can play some of the downloaded games. We love it for when we want to get stuff done and still want him to be occupied and this does the trick. It's a little hard to navigate at first though.
Bought this for my grandniece, keeps her entertained. Can't beat the price.
Limit kids usage of electronics by time but still allow them to play. A must buy for kids
Bought 2 of these for my 6 and 8 yr old and it said it came with 32gb storage but actual storage was a little less, cant remember exactly how much probably around 20gb with the other necessary programs that come already pre-installed. They mainly use it for games and have downloaded many games on them. There is room for external storage and it also has a front and rear camera. love the product. comes in different color as well. I got the blue!
Got it as a gift for my grandma and she loves it!!
Upgraded from a galaxy tablet that was 4 years old. So worth it.
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
Easy to use!! Purchased for my nephew, he's 4, he loves it.
This is great to occupy your child on the long road trip or just when you need a break from entertaining the little one. Works great and they can damage or mess up their own toys without using your cell phone or other adult device.
My grandson really enjoys this tablet, ease of use and lots of different educational programs. Must remember to charge tablet everynight.
The amazon fire tablet is awesome..my kids love it
Needed a tough little tablet for my grandson. Had it a couple of months and has held up very well.
Good tablet for young kids. Battery life could be better
This was a gift for my kids. They love them. Easy to use and lots of great apps!
Wanted a tablet but did not want to pay for an iPad. The fire is a great tablet with a crystal clear hd videos. The perfect inexpensive alternative to the iPad
I bought this a few weeks ago and use it every day. i've had no problems and it works perfectly! My only complaint is the camera. The pictures are not as clear as I would prefer. All in all though, for the price, I would buy it again!
Good way to get started for kids to play with and they can learn
My kid love this tablet!! The setup was so easy, and the amazon store has a bunch of educational apps! That my kid can enjoy playing and learning!!
This is my second Kindle and I love it. It's lightweight, simple, and fast. It's convenient for trips and fits in my bag without weighing it down.
We love this table for our 5 y.o. It gives him the sense of independence he wants and me the sense of calmness knowing I can control what he gets on and how long he can spend in screen time!
Great tablet to keep at work during downtime!! Great value!
Love it! Really like the camera as my old one was backwards and hard to use.
Love the color just the right size easy to set up works well for what I needed it for great price
What impressed me the most was the amount of free kids apps that you get with the Kindle. These are easy to use in both size and software.
Love this Kindle. There are to many apps and games offered for download. Love the book selection Easy to navigate The charger seems a bit loose, though
It has all the features needed for my granddaughter and is easy to use. I'm am happy with this.
It very convenient it small and it work awesome can put in my purse or
I am an "old" traditionalist and have always read from paper or hard back books. Now I don't lose what page I was on and have more shelf space where books used to be.
BOUGHT FOR 3 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER. SHE LOVES IT AND NOW SHE WON'T NEED TO STEAL MOMS TABLET OR PHONE.
Bought this for my 90+ year-old, totally no-tech mom. Her first e-book is Gone with the Wind. She likes the size and ease of use.
My 9 year old loves it. Good control options. Just need to figure out how to get the Web browser on her side.
Great tablet. Perfect for my 8 year old son!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice deal, and good stuff. will recommend to others if same deal
This is a newer version of the Fire I had previously and I love it. I like the camera. This version is lighter than the other. It is taking me a while to learn the differences but most of them are improvements.
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
Durable and great tablet to handle and navigate. Camera quality is good to be used by a 2 year old. Great children features
this is excellent for kids 3-7. the only thing I don't like is it is difficult to go to kids web pages by typing in an web address once you set up the kids profile, plus it takes away the easy access of the camera which the kids love. I may have set it up wrong as it did not come with printed instructions and I am not tech savvy. This item is extremely durable and great fun for the kids.
Not the paperwhite, but for the price I paid works great for my kids to carry around multiple books they need to read for school
The kids love it and easy to understand. Great parental controls as well.
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
Not the paperwhite, but for the price I paid works great for my kids to carry around multiple books they need to read for school
I bought this for my son's girlfriend as a gift. She really likes it and has positive words.
Easy to set up and turn on and off restrictions. Piece of mind that daughter can't access adult appropriate content
I'm was so pleased with this tablet, I bought a second one for my father. We both love it.
This has kept my kids entertained, but maybe just a little too entertained. Sadly, they don't want to do much else
It's a good starter tablet, to bad it runs on the Amazon OS.
I love this and it's great for kids got it for a early Christmas gift for a friends son and he loves it
Gave it to my grandkids(ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.
this was a christmas present, for the nephew works good, he loves it
I'm an avid reader. The Kindle is my go to for ease. It fits in my purse or knitting bag and stays charged for days.
Easy and age appropriate. Can set timers for tv and movie watching my granddaughter finds the educational games more interesting and fun.
Our grand kids really love this tablet and it has a lot of app options.
They learned how to use it very quickly! Great for travelling in the car...reduces boredom!
This devices is great for storing all my amazon books. It is also very light and portable. Simple to use as well.
The amazon fire OS is not a perfect OS but it is very functional and useful for your average tablet use. I would recommend checking the Amazon store to ensure the Apps you are thinking of using on a Fire tablet to ensure you dont have any issues. The size on this one is good, the screen is not the brightest HD screen that is available, but at this price point i cannot complain.
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading
If reading is what you do the most with your tablet, this is good choice!
Got this tablet to replace the one that had the screen cracked, cheaper than getting the screen replaced
Perfect for what I need to use it for movies etc great for a gift
Very happy with the HD Fire 16GB. Plenty of memory and easy to navigate. I would definitely recommend this item.
This device is a nice starter tablet for kids. The Fire OS with Freetime Unlimited (free for 1 year) is an excellent environment. The warranty is great, and had we kept the device I'm sure we would have had the opportunity to use it. However, the device we received in the "Kids Edition" box was not registered as a "Kids Edition" with Amazon, thus the FreetimeUnlimited plan only lasted 30 days and the "Kids Edition" warranty did not apply. Amazon could not register the Fire as a "Kids Edition" so it was returned.
I bought this for my daughter to use. I know the regular amazon fire is cheaper, but this one came with a bumper, a two year no question warranty and a one year subscription to free time which allows kids to read lot of books and play great games for free. In the end it's a great deal.
My other daughter has this same tablet, so I knew it would be a winner with my other child as well.
For two girls that love to play games and take with them
I bought this for my wife as a gift to replace her older fire. Absolutely loves it. Has all of the features she needs. I don't think there is a better tablet on the market and the value is incredible.
My husband and I purchased 3 of these for each of our kiddos and to say they're a hit would be a massive understatement. And the parental controls on these are awesome. We love our new Fires!!
tablet is so user friendly and a price you can not beat
I had the 4th generation. I am quite happy with the upgrade. Good battery life
Bought this for my adult son who had a long flight and he absolutely loved it! Definitely recommend!
I got this for my two grandsons (ages 2 & 4) for Christmas. They love them.
I would recommend this to all of our friends and family. It's worth every penny. Good warranty, comes with a free subscription, works quickly and is very durable!
I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it. It's easy to use and the perfect size for his hands.
This is a great tablet if you have reasonable expectations. And you should definitely pay the extra $20 (for a total of $69) and get the 16 GB tablet. Is it the fastest tablet out there? Definitely not. Does it quickly do all sorts of business spreadsheets applications, etc? No. Does it do everything that an i-pad etc can do? No. But at this price point it can't be beat. People say that you can't download chrome and the google playstore. They are WRONG. I have both on this tablet and my other fire, without rooting them. And with the ability to add a 128 GB card it's a no brainer if you want to play games, watch movies/tv, surf the net, email etc. I know there are a lot of people who dislike Amazon and their products, but I am obviously not one of them.
Great tablet for simple tasks. I bought 2 and I have no complaints.
My son loves it. It is easy for him to use. He doesn't want to put it down.
I bought this tablet to replace my textbook. It has everything I want and need. I only purchased it after I learned you can download from google play. The amazon equivalent to google play has a lot of the same apps and games.
Your can really control what your kid gets access to from apps, videos, and the Internet. You can not get a better deal. The 2 yr anything happens warranty is a big plus. It's not the fastest thing on the market it's desent. Picture quality is great. Everything that comes with it just makes it a real smart buy. Love the fact that I can program it to have her read 15mins 1st before she can fully access it. Also that I can put a time limit on what she can access and for how long for the week.
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
This camera is a great addition to my home I really like it
I got the Amazon - Fire - 7 - Tablet - 16GB - Blue for my 9 year old granddaughter. It is user friendly and she is able to navigate and use the tablet with ease. It is a great tool for her in school work since there are numerous apps. she is able to use for multiplication and division facts. A great product!
The kindle fire kid is easy enough that our 2 year old can work it!!!
Good features and quality. Would be nice if it worked better in low light. Should have stepped up for the backlit one. This is nice if your conditions are bright.
My son just loves it and he thinks it's easy to use and the case that comes on it has saved it
This tablet is great for kids. I bought it for my Grandson and he is delighted with it. He uses it constantly.
Great price and works great for book reading. Would recommend
The tablet is okay.. my daughter uses it most of the time.
I bought these as a starter online browser. It is a very portable pad . Great price.
I observe my 4 year old granddaughter using this tablet with ease. She is able to play some of the games and upload movies. Her mom had to put a secret password for the movies because she downloaded some that you had to pay for!
The kindle fire hd is a sweet tablet for reading and apps like netflix or hulu.
My kids love this product, as do I. Parental restrictions can be set and they know when they have to shut them off. Good battery life too.
Really good for KIDS use kids lock so they don't see what the don't suppose to see love this
I love the tablets HD picture is beautiful. The fire tablet is very fast to load and is easy to use. Great tablet.
I bought my Kindle about 2 months ago and the battery is already dead and will not charge
This little device is great for it price. Lots of features.
Bought two as gift to kids. They love it very much
Easy to use, handle and screen is perfect for a toddler.
Love the idea of it. Not as easy to put the DVD movies on it .
My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!
this is my first tablet .. love it .. actually read my first e-book on it .. large screen, easy to read & play games .. fits nicely in my purse
Bought this tablet for my 2 &1/2 year old and it is perfect. Games and videos that come on it are very age appropriate and the tablet has been very durable thus far.
Got this for my 5 year old daughter and her and my three year old love it! Lightweight, durable and loaded with books and games. What really sold me on this one over the other options was the 2 year anything guarantee that Amazon offers!
I decided to buy a kindle fire because of the price. It's way cheaper than most models and more reliable. I honestly didn't think I would be able to do much.with it, but can do a lot. I have Netflix on it and have binge watched a lot because of it. I am quite happy with my purchase.
I have this model Kindle and purchased another for a gift.He is not very savy but Kindle makes it sooo easy, he is happy.Such an easy tablet!
My daughter loves her tablet because she can carry it to all places
my kids love the kids fire they use it every single day. its durable.. I can put parental control on certain things.. great buy
It's perfect for me when I'm doing homework or just surfing the web when I'm at a Starbucks or just at home.
My kiddo loves this tablet. She's 1 1/2 and knows how to work it well. I look at it sometimes and see apps that I didn't download! Lol Good thing, first year is free. It's very durable as well. Great product overall. I would've liked a different color for her, but blue was all that was in stock and I got it a great price being on sale plus I had certificates to use.
Good for smaller kids that cannot play or get to play on Xbox games with 7 other Siblings
I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
Bought 3 of these for my 4 year old, 6 year old and 9 year old. Perfect for all ages. I love the amazon free time year subscription and the content is very age appropriate. I also love the ability to set the time settings for them. It also works as a regular kindle if you decide not to renew the amazon free time after a year.
Durable , worth every penny, got it for our 2 year old daughter , amazed how easily she can navigate it
My daughter loves playing with this. There are so many features, that it keeps her busy.
This was the perfect gift for my grand kids they love it.
This is my second Kindle Fire and I have been extremely pleased with them both. This second one is much more versatile, and I love it!
This was my second kindle and I didn't realize that it wasn't paper white . What a difference. I took this back to the store and exchanged for paper white.. this was not easy to read for me
Awesome tablet. Purchased for kids. They love it..
was a great purchase. loved the color and the camera feature
Bought it as a gift, wife loves it. Plenty of memory and available apps.
The Kindle Fire is small but does everything it should for a young child. Worth the low cost I paid for it.
A good product that provides the services I desire.
This tablet is great for my son. Would be nice if it had a little more horsepower
Purchased for our 3 year old grandson. He loves it.
I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.
My granddaughters love the Kid Kindles that they received for Christmas!
Small enough to carry every where. When he is using it, you can hear a pin drop.
I am enjoying my Kindle very much! Easy to down load books and easy to read! Very happy with my purchase!
Wanted something with a kids mode on it so we could limit time and content. This works. Saw it for a really low price so couldn't resist otherwise we would have gotten the padded kids version.
This is my son's 4th kindle. It is reliable but the charging plug area wears out quickly
This tablet is great for my son. Would be nice if it had a little more horsepower
Great learning tool. Kids love it and so do I. So fun to share time with the kids laughing while learning.
a gift. He LOVES it. was a reasonable price. thks.
I prefer the Kindle to a book. I like the change of letter size, storing many, many books, and the ease of carrying it. I love to read when I travel, and this is the way to go.
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
i just love every thing about it. Its awesome to read
I love my new Kindle. The size is perfect. It fits right in my purse. Easy to navigate and I love the touch screen. I am able to read outside without a glare. Only flaw is that it is not backlit, so in order to read in the dark I need a book light. I don't mind that so much, I just wish kindle would come out with a case for this Kindle with a built in book light like they did for the first generation Kindle.
I enjoy taking photos with me and having enough videos to keep the kids entertained. On the fence go with the larger storage.
Easy to use and teach my granddaughter not easily breakable
Purchased for my son who loves to read books. Saw him watching old TV show. He sat down with me and showed me what all it could do. Who would figure. I thought it was just for reading books. Now I want one too!
fits easily into my purse or bag. small compact!!!
This 8 inch Fire is definitely better than the cheaper 7 inch. It works fine enough for teens to play games and watch movies.
Excellent tablet.....withstands a special needs Grandson.
No suprises here. I have owned the 7th generation Kindle before and the 8th generation came as a lighter and better upgrade to the version. Great functionality and awesome reading experience.
I needed a simple tablet to use in my car on long trips. Bought two of these and boy do they deliver!!! The best tablets for this price. The kindle book reader is an added bonus. The finishing is good. My kids love it.
My son loves this tablet. It is easy for him to navigate and extremely durable.
This was a gift for my grandson and he loves it. It is easy to use and keeps him occupied for hours.
I haven't used any other kindle before, but this kindle was made to do its job and it does it properly. It is sleek, lightweight and sturdy. I love putting it in my bag and taking it with me wherever I go - just in case I get a chance to read. Like it says in the description, you can download books and read it anywhere - you don't need wifi to read. Battery life is great. It has a matted screen and you can make the font as big or as small as you want. The down side is that the screen is small, so you can only get through so much before you have to flip the screen. Also there is no brightness controller for the screen so you can only read it where it's light. But I honestly love my kindle, it does it's job and I don't want anything that get's fancier than this.
I bought both of my children one of these tablets...they love it.
Best electronic I purchased for myself this year. Great price too.
easy to use great product and BEST BUY ANSWERED MY QUESTIONS
This product is well thoughts the kids seem to like the apps
This is my first Fire Kindle. I love it. It is fast, and has good internet. It gives me quick access to all my Kindle library. I found out it's easier to scroll through the pages than when using Kindle Touch.
The graphics and sound on this tablet were better than expected!
It is well designed with a safe cover for kids. It also come with 2 year warranty. My son loves it already.
I purchased this tablet and am very happy with it.
i love the kindle fire 7 tablet. it is wonderful and awesome.
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
Great fun r the little ones, had to go buy another because it works so well! Dropped many times and still is doing well!
I bought this device to use with children in my therapy practice. It is taking me awhile to figure out how to set it up and organize it. IT 'took over' and set up things with Amazon I did not approve such as charging my account and registering me with Prime before I could figure out the settings. The picture quality for the screen is beautiful but the camera photos are very pixelated.
I mainly bought this so my daughter and I could skype daily, but the free time by amazon has proven to be very helpful for kids. The big foam cover is awesome if you have a destructive kid.
The Kindle is great for reading on the go when I can't carry around a lot of books.
I bought this tablet to replace one I had bought a while ago for my daughter, all I heard upon opening is "Mom, you are the best", as she was excited to get a newer up to date Fire. She loves the fire tablet and so do we as a family. Amazon Fire is our go to. We can not switch to anything else!
Great price! Kids love it. Lots of space for apps!
Very small in size, not exactly what I had thought but yet good product for the price I paid
I definitely recommend this tablet is so perfect for children.
I bought this for my son who is a product of the times and takes very easily to electronics and touch screen devices. My mother bought him a subscription to the ABC Mouse learning program and we needed a kid friendly device for him to use it on. At first I was skeptical about spending the extra 50 for the kids fire as I thought it was mainly for the case which I thought to be cheap silicon. When the tablet arrived in the mail I was surprised to find that the enclosure is a thick, heavy duty type of foam. It provides a good enclosure for the kids to hang onto as well as a solid defender against any drops. It booted up quickly and once you enter your amazon information, you have the ability to set up both an account for adults and a child's account.The child's account does not have access to the app store or anything that you don't want them to get a hold of.You can set time limits on their account to your desire.You can allow and disallow any application you want to their account.It comes with a year subscription to amazons free time unlimited, which I interpreted as basically Prime for kids. This allows access to all the apps and games as much as they want.The kids user interface is extremely slim and easy to navigate. He is able to one click to any apps, books, games he wants to use. It also highlights your recently used apps in the carousel at the top.Overall I'm very happy with the purchase of this tablet as it allows him to use modern technology to learn and grow without worrying about the normal dangers the Internet holds if you're not careful.
Got it for our grandson for Christmas and he won't put it down. Comes with free kids software which is great.
Product was purchased for 6 year old. Very excited to use. Had a hard time navigating initially. Battery life not as expected(too short). Short charging chord. Charging port at tablet site, easily worn. Very positional when charging when plugged in. Will stick with Apple products for now.
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
This is a great tablet. My grandson uses it to watch his cartoons. We also have ABC Mouse that he uses on it. It's very durable and he loves it!!
Ok so when i got this tablet i was not expecting to much from it but now that i have used it...its AMAZING. PROS.their is no lag at all when play high graphic games, pretty easy to use, very fast speedCONS. in my opinion their is only 2 things that drive me insane the screen feels like plastic very uncomfortable and the camera is not the best but it is good for everyday life photos.OVERALL GET THIS TABLET BETTER Deal then the galaxy tab s2
This tab is great for kids and parents alike. I recommend this product to others.
I bought it for my niece who is 7 seven years old. She loves it and she learns from the applications included.
I already had a Fire but it didn't have enough storage space. This tablet solved that problem for me. However I'm unable to download Dropbox because it is already installed on my previous tablet and this tablet is a little different. I did however figure out that I could install One Drive and then put my photos into that program. Otherwise it is a good tablet.
This is a great tablet. Great for the price. Very fast and easy to use.
The Amazon - Fire Kids Edition is a great device for kids and parents to entertain kids during long or short trips
This was a Christmas present for my niece, she loved it.
The kid really love this kindle fire. The protection for the kindle help protect the kindle
Santa brought this to our daughter, she's 7 and it's perfect for her!! Easy to use and figure out!
Great product for myself! And I bought it when there was great deal on it!
Item work well and was easy to read from in day light
When you can get this thing on sale it's an amazing deal. Have all of your Amazon features right in your face. Books, Manga, Gaming, Amazon. It's easy to hold, has amazing battery life and has a pretty decent screen. Sure the Galaxy tablets have better specs, but it's the price and features you get from Amazon that make this device amazing!
I got the first version for my sister and she hasn't been able to put it down on over a year. Then I got her this one and forget about it. Great new features, she loves loves loves it!
My son washed it twice! Throw it a few times and it's still ticking.
Perfect for my son! He has fine motor deficits and the games definitely help him work on using one finger at a time to play them! I also don't have to worry about him getting onto anything that isn't kid friendly since he doesn't know my passcode for the adult profile!!
Got 2 of these for Christmas gifts for our grandsons & they love them!
This camera is a great addition to my home I really like it
This e-reader meets all expectations and has a good feel to it.
I bought this one for a family member because I loved mine so much! She was very pleased.
Can be dropped, thrown and doesnt break. awesome tablet
This is a first for an adult. Price is right, easy to use and just the right size.
Love it. So easy to use. I previously had a Nook Color, but since the newest Nook was having problems getting library books at the time I decided to go with Kindle. Worried I would lose the Nook books I had purchased over the years. Nope not a problem. Just had to download a couple of apps. m.getjar.com to download 3rd party apps. Once that is downloaded, open m.getjar and find Nook there. Easy peasy.
I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present and she loves it.
It's nice but not as easy to switch profiles as I would like for it being a child's tablet. But overall easy to use just a lot of junk on main profile.
I bought two of these for my two grandchildren. (A 4 year old boy and a 2 year old girl) So, I bought one in pink and one in blue. We down loaded age appropriate games and they are lifesavers!
Purchased this for 6 year old boy and couldn't be happier
The Fire HD8 strikes an excellent balance between performance and price. It has many of the features you'd want in a tablet for a fraction of the cost. Works flawlessly for reading and video streaming.
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
My old kindle had no camera and was much thicker. This one has a great camera and is much slimmer.
My son really enjoys this. Its his first tablet(he is 4) and had no problem learning how to use it.
Has been very durable with kids and easy to use. Great product for price.
Great camera for a beginner very easy to understand
This was a great tablet for the price for my wife. Perfect size and good for traveling.
My nephew always uses my sister's iphone when watching videos. He loves his youtube videos lol. So I went out and bought him this. The kid loves it. There's value in the cartoon membership also
May grandson loves this. Went on a long car trip and he was able to watch movies and keep entertained.
Granddaughter loves it, easy for a toddler to hold and maneuver.
I was a slightly skeptical about giving this to my 1 year old but it has been a fantastic, durable learning tool for him and he is progressing very quick.
My 2 year old son really enjoys the tablet it's great
Easy to use and navigate, purchasing books is fast and simple and I love the fact that I can password protect this device
This tablet can be literally dropped over a thousand times and the screen wont crack. I bought the HD 6 when it came out for my daughter. I just had to replace it because it wasn't charging anymore, it wasn't the cord itself but the device on the inside failed to identify that the cord was plugged in.The best quality tablet i have ever seen. Amazon has a great product and will never buy any other brand of tablet.
I bought two of these for Christmas for my 3 and 4 year old and they love them! Easy to navigate and it keeps them busy and interested for hours. Sturdy protective bumper protector keeps your kids Kindle safe. The only complaint I have is the charger doesn't stay snug and one is already useless because it won't fit tight enough to charge. This isn't a problem with this Kindle but maybe all of them. I bought my oldest son a regular Kindle fire the same day and his charger is worthless now too. Not quite sure what the problem is with them.
It's amazing. My daughter loves reading on it, watching Netflix, going online to look things up, etc. She loves the touchscreen aspect, and the settings are advanced, but very user friendly. Easy to navigate. Lots of great features for a very low price. The only negative is that the camera is not the best quality. But that's not important to her.
The color is what got me and the features was on point. The screen shows a lot of different displays. To share for now until the next one.
Got it for my grandson he loves it.it is a very good tablet!!!
The Fire Tablets are by far the best value on the market. They are parent friendly with the parental controls and kid friendly with he ease of use.
I have not set up tablet, geeks squad to do so Monday April 3 2017
I so love my Amazon fire tabletYou have.everything you want books, games etc. The picture are so clear and beautiful. I can't keep my son off of it . I'm thinking about getting another for him .He love watching videos of his favorite show
Easy to use great cover and a lot of options for app games. My daughter loves it.
This was the perfect gift for grandkids. I bought one in pink and one in green so each grandchild would have their own color. Lots of games come with the tablet and additional games and videos can be added.
My granddaughter really likes it. "She" found age-appropriate games to play.
Its pretty good for the price, my only concern is the quality of the picture, not an hd one, my daughter complain when shes taking pics.
I love that you can read books as well as play games with this tablet. I bought 2 of them for my little boy and girl. We just charge them up and let them play with them in the car on road trips. They are quite!!! The only thing is, I wish they would have a section of games that can be played without wifi. Some of the apps need wifi to run and some do not. Overall though, I love this tablet!
The parental control could be a lot better. It's nice and compact. She loves it
My daughter loves the Amazon Fire tablet that I purchased for her!
My granddaughter loves this tablet. Perfect for a 5 year old
I love that you can read books as well as play games with this tablet. I bought 2 of them for my little boy and girl. We just charge them up and let them play with them in the car on road trips. They are quite!!! The only thing is, I wish they would have a section of games that can be played without wifi. Some of the apps need wifi to run and some do not. Overall though, I love this tablet!
Had a prob with original one I purchased and Bedt Buy replaced it hassle free
Good tablet. Gave as gift and person enjoys it. Recommend
Works as described. Love the kid friendly foam protector. It stopped working within 2 months of purchase. Amazon just sent new one without a real fuss. Inconvenient, but no real fuss. I hope this one lasts longer.
My 3 year old got it for his birthday and he loves it!
Great tablet for kids. Big choice of apps, great price.
I bought 50 of these to use in a school education program. The workers at Best Buy assured me the apps I needed them to run would work fine. Unfortunately I was not aware that Amazon has it's own app store unrelated to Apple and GogglePlay. Make sure whatever apps you want to run are also available on the Amazone app store as not all are. Specifically they block anything related to Goggle. Other than that the tablet is great and is a great price and really nice case.
Bought this fire for my wife to replace one which got accidently broken.great
I purchased this Kindle for my wife because her Kindle Fire gives off too much glare to use in sunny conditions. Besides being able to use it while riding in the car during daytime, the biggest advantage she found is that it is significantly lighter than the Fire. Since she reads for hours on end that is a big plus. The main drawback is that the graphics aren't as clear with this reader. All in all, it was money well spent.
Bought this for a work fundraiser and the recipient enjoyed it
Moved all the ad apps to a folder and loaded what I wanted. Small size fits in my sport coat pocket.
Bought 2 for each of my children ( 10 & 15) and they love them. I was a little worried about them adapting to a new operating system, no problems there. The sound and playback images are just fine. They take them everywhere, not like leaving their other tablets at home, I'm thinking about buying me one. Very kid durable
The tablet is great and I like the warranty that it comes with, but I don't like the charging port. The wire that comes with the device is too short and will not fully snap into the device. Which will not let you charge the device unless you place it very carefully in the right position and then don't touch it. Had to buy an after market cable with an 8mm plug length to get it to charge. We bought 2 of the tablets and they both did the same thing. On one of the tablets we bought one of the magnetic plugs so that a younger children will not have problems with a loose plug.
Perfect for development if you use the parental controls properly by setting time limits, goals for reading vs. game play, etc.Durable, reliable, perfect for when you need a few minutes of quiet time. Charger provided was flimsy, but any mini-USB works better.
I purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! I love the user friendly parental controls!
If you love Amazon, you'll love the Kindle HD8. It's a great size for reading all those books, streaming movies and tv shows, and has great sound for listening to your favorite music. For less than $100, you can't beat the versatility of this little device!
Purchased for an3 year old that wanted this badly. Appears to be rugged. Links up with my amazon account for content and access. 2 year warranty. Win!!!
My 2 1/2 year old loves this. He can't break it with the thick rubber case, and we can control the games he plays, and how long he plays. Great mix of educational and fun items. The only problem is the charging cord is a bit too easy to break. If they pull it off the charger, it makes the port loose and you have to get the right angle for it to charge.
Enjoy the performance and size of the television we purchased. We are very satisfied with this product
Got it as a gift for my dad, so far so good.Didn't not realise the special offers are ads, spend more money to buy the one with out them.Also hate the fact they removed the wwan connection, you now need wifi to connect to the store.
My son loves it. Easy set up. And the best part is the case. It really is childproof. My son has dropped it and nothing had happened. Very durable. Just what my son needed.
This is excellent for toddlers and also as they grow. Numerous things they can do on it and also nice to be abke to control it as a parent.
The color is what got me and the features was on point. The screen shows a lot of different displays. To share for now until the next one.
This is a great entry level tablet. It does not have all of the bells and whistles of more expensive tablets, however, at its price point the specs are quite impressive. This is an easy purchase for a small sized tablet or for a child. It is powerful enough and the screen quality is good enough. Overall, I highly recommend it.
I gave as a gift to a kid who has autism! It has been helping on his development a lot!
Works great for my daughter, great price and apps.
My daughter love it she don't really brother me it keep her so busy
My grandkids love to use it. It has so much for them to choose and they learn too.
This kindle is amazing and better than prior versions.
i love my kindle ..i read on a plane or at the pool, works in different lighting and angles
My granddaughter loves her pink tablet she is four and able to use on her own
Bought this as a gift for my 3 year old granddaughter. She is learning how to get to her apps and play some games on it. I like that I can have contol over what she can watch and play.
Tablet works will with Amazon video on our smart tvs as well as the firesticks.
This was a good pick for first kids tablets. I just wish getting to their apps was a little easier
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
I looked at multiple other brands, some cheaper by 20-40 bucks. This is the only one that guarantees your kid cant break it for 2 years!!!! Drinks have spilled on it, its been dropped, thrown sat on and not a thing wrong with it.
Give this product a 10 tons of great learning programs.
I love the internet, tweeting and facebook. No computers can complete me!! My kindle takes care of all my needs ;) !!!Juju
It a great tablet for children. But it doesnt work with google apps.
It's a good tablet and comes with a lot of free apps and a fantastic warranty!
this tablet is a good for small children it has a good cover
My kid loves this! It was one of his favorite Christmas presents.
I'm a Windows person & this is not Windows. I'm still learning. I am happy with the size as it fits easily in to my purse, but I HATE touch items - I always seem to touch the wrong area (like spelling something, I go for a letter & get one of the letters next to - so it slows down my typing - one of the reasons I don't have a smartphone). All in all it's pretty good. I guess I would recommend it because it's the way this world is turning. However, they don't make a glass protective screen cover - only plastic.
I love to read but don't have the space to keep a collection of books. For me, this Kindle is the best of both worlds. I can enjoy reading a good book without having to find shelf space to store it later.
I was very pleased with how easy it is for children to maneuver.
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
Good and fast for kids does have very good control of parents on that
great tablet for kids with amazon bonuses. don't have to worry about what content my kid is accessing.
I have bought the cheaper tablets for my kids, in the past, however, the sales associate recommend this tablet, and it was only 10 dollars more. So far, I am really impressed by the difference in quality.
I bought this for my daughter. It's a little limited in what it can do, but she loves it. She's a little too young to understand the games, but she loves watching cartoons on it.
The table is great just to experience what is available on a tablet without a hugh expense. I would recommend to others.
My daughter loves her tablet. Amazon has plenty of games for her to play. It is also easy for her to use.
kid proof! bought for my grand babies and they love it!
Tablet works will with Amazon video on our smart tvs as well as the firesticks.
I bought this for my 21 month old daughter and she has already learned how to use it. What a great way to keep her busy and quiet at the same time. Thanks
May grandson loves this. Went on a long car trip and he was able to watch movies and keep entertained.
I have always been a Nook customer, but recently their models have not received good feedback. So, while shopping for a new ereader, i had to make the decision between the two. The biggest influence behind price. While the new Samsung model of the Nook definitely looks great, it also has a big price tag. Overall, we are very happy with this purchase. It is mostly used as an ereader, but we have downloaded a few games. Kindle is a good reputable tablet and is a good solid ereader.
I originally got the lower end Kindle, took it back and upgraded. The light really is a must. I can't believe how much more I'm reading now that I have it, and there are TONS of free books out there if you know where to look. Best. Purchase. EVER.
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
I bought this tablet for my son and he enjoys using it the only thing I don't love is that u need internet to use most apps on it and you cant download youtube kids. It has a lot of apps though and a lot of learning material for all ages.
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
I love my amazon fire tablet, I'm sure my kids will love theirs too!
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
My son is very happy with this and so are mommy and daddy. No more asking for our phones and setting the time limit is awesome
I was very impressed with the functionality of my Amazon Echo. Very useful to have around the house and for the discounted price, it a steal!
I upgraded to have more memory and this is a great little tablet. Works great and does everything I need it to do.
Used it for learning apps for my 3 yo other than the fact that she put it in the dryer (while I was throwing clothes in there) and completely broke it, it works wonders. It's the 2nd one I've bought.
Wanted something to use while charging my iPad, easy to use.
Bought online for my granddaughter and she loves it, I have to get one for myself after seeing the quality of the picture,
The Kindle Fire is small but does everything it should for a young child. Worth the low cost I paid for it.
I purchased this tablet for a 6 yr old and it is very easy for him to use.
The kindle is great not only is it a reader its bascially a computer. It connects to the internet it takes pictures and has many other great features.
I particularly like the fact that the text shows up and you can see it well outside on a sunny day. I use it with Kindle Unlimited.
This is great for kids, it grows up with them, all the apps are good. My kid loves it
very durable and easy to work with. I love its functionality and my kid loves having his own tablet. good stuff
This was a gift and they love it! Its compact, they can surf the web, play games check emails etc
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. It keeps him busy while my wife and I take him out to dinner at a restaurant. It's relatively easy to use and he likes some of the kids videos we downloaded for free.
Bought this for my 3 kids aged 9,7,and 2. They all use it with ease. They each have their own account with appropriate games. We like the protective cover that absorbs drops and falls well.
This was a gift for my girlfriend. She loved due to the fact that it was small and compacted ..
Purchased for our 3 year old grandson. He loves it.
Great for little kids the case on it is amazing. My daughter loves it. Only thing I would change is the sound a little louder and screen a little bigger.
Good tablet for kids I would definitely recommend.
Got tablet for my daughter..love everything about it and how easy it is to use.
I bought this for my mom. The type is adjustable and it has a backlight for easy reading !
This is a good tablet for my son to use to play his games.
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 3 year old it's ok
The best tablet for kids the 1 year unlimited apps is my favorite my kids love it..
I bought this for my kids its a cheap alternative to an Ipad mini and should they lose it or break it its easy to replace with little out of pocket.
Has all the functionality a child needs with easy parental controls. Like the child profile with only approved content.
Works great with good storage but, lacks online browsing speed.
Works well. Easy to use. I like the auto on when you open the case
I bought the tablet and it is very nice. I really like the night time mode to use before bed so you can still sleep.
my grandchild really enjoy playing and watch videos on her Kindle
I bought this for learning and entertaining purposes. My daughter is 5 & enjoys it. I compared this to other learning tablets and found for the price & protection plan this works best for us.
This is my second Kindle. The first was a gift several years ago. The display and speed are much better.
I bought this as a way to easily read while on the go. I'm disappointed as it's really too big too easily carry around. I've discovered it's not all that easy to use it for reading purposes
My children loved their previous kindles so much I bought them an upgrade with the case - so worth it.
My grand daughter loves it and so do her parents! Very durable. I'd highly recommend this product
Easy to use for children. Multiple color tablet covers.
We purchased this Amazon Fire - Kids Edition for my 3 year-old granddaughter. Could not have made a better choice! She was up and running in no time and absolutely loves it.In fact, when my wife (who has an older model Fire tablet) started playing with it, she was so impressed with its capabilities that she now wants one for herself.Very pleased with our purchase!
The setup was super easy, the rugged case is awesome, and the selection of books, games, and movies v for the kids is fantastic! The two year no questions warranty makes it even better!
It a great product..,. The quality is awesome the pictures is good and clear...
My granddaughter loves her tablet toddler friendly
Is good for the kids The only thing is I have to get a SD Card for more memory
My son love this and it's his favorite piece of technology so far.
Bought this for my 8 year old. He loves it and it's very simple to add the perfect parental controls!
This is really good if you read a lot, doesn't strain your eyes and very light weight. Only demerit is - cant use in night if there is not enough light.
Overall, the tablet is well constructed and well engineered. The 'excited factor' for my son wore off quickly, including the included app services. Nothing negative to report, but nothing unexpected in a positive sense either.
my son loves his new tablet. now he can play his games without making a mess of my phone.
Bought this for my 3 year old and it is great. Wish it had a bit more storage but overall very happy with my purchase.
Love my mine! Works great with prime! And I have all my best movies!
Was recommended to purchase by a family member who has one who is very happy with it
Bought this for a gift for some one who's old tablet won't work. Just the right size to play games on.
Very kid friendly especially for toddlers and easy to use.
This tablet has a lot of features, it really makes it worth the money if you have an Amazon Prime account.
My grandaughter is enjoying this tablet. I would recommend to all parents for their young kids.
It is safe .. love the thick case & its fun fir my kids
I purchased it for my dad (70)He needed something easy to use. He really enjoys it.
Very easy basic e book reader. Good for beginners to start
Very happy with product. It's a miniature lap top.
Good for toddlersEasy to carryEasy to download
Bought for my 2 year old granddaughter l, she loves it, so easy to use .. She can navigate through it with no problems
My stepkids are pretty rough on their toys and these have lasted pretty darn well so far. Easy to update and add games, apps and school related material. Go for it if you are looking for a pretty darn decent tablet for the lil ones
Good inexpensive device. Still in touch with modern technology.
The Kindle 8 is an inexpensive eReader that does what I need in the smallest, thinnest, lightest package. I want it for travel and portable convenience when a full-size tablet is too big and heavy. It's perfect.
Looking for a reader with some basic tablet functions. This was just that.
Would definitely recommend to family and friends that have little kids great learning tablet
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
I wanted to get something nice for my wife and this did the trick. I'll get flowers next time.
What I really like is that you can set up different profiles( boy,girl and myself ) and still you can use any device to play to favorite profile.I bought 2 and kids are very happy.
Will work well for the purpose it was purchased. My child will love the fun and games that he can play. Very child appropriate and user friendly. I would encourage any parent to buy this product.
great learning tool for my granddaughter. she loves it.
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
My grandkids love it. They use it at home and when we travel.
Bought for a friend with basic needs. Money was not a concern at all!
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my preschooler. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.
This tablet is designed primarily to sell, distribute and store media purchased from the Amazon.com product line, ie Kindle e-books, movies viewed or stored from their online movie streaming service, etc., and it does that very well.Reasonably sharp screen, good sound, good battery life and decent component materials. It uses their version of the Android OS which they call the Fire OS which is decently responsive and fairly intuitive to use - Be aware that you cannot install or run most apps purchased from the Google Play store, but must rely on Amazon's own app store which is decent, but not as extensive as either Apple's or Google's.
I bought one for my boyfriend and one for his son. It's fast and easy to use.
Easy-to-use. Lots of books obviously but also lots of apps.
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
Wanted a tablet that would fit in my purse. Very easy to use. Would buy again.
I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....
Not the fanciest tablet, but it definitely gets the job done! Bought as a gift for a friend that wanted an e-reader and he loves it!
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
I bought this for my young grand daughter to start teaching her basic colors and numbers. She uses it like a pro and we have a great variety of teaching games. Her parents just bought one for their house. Have been using for a year and still working like new.
Looked for a tablet for reading books and light web surfing. This fits that need.
This tablet is on the smaller side but works for me.
Nice device I like to use it to read books online.
This is a nice little tablet, for me since I don't do a lot on a tablet, it's a great size. It took a little getting use to working with, but am a little more comfortable with it now.
I bought this for learning and entertaining purposes. My daughter is 5 & enjoys it. I compared this to other learning tablets and found for the price & protection plan this works best for us.
It works nice. Still seems like ancient techonology compared to any apple product
Amazon keeps getting better. Tablet now has option to move icons, set wallpaper and more. With added SD card option, is even better.
I have not explored all the features of the kindle fire tablet yet. Why does the sound always have to be reset each time? I want it to stay on full sound maximum loudness always. I have to reset it each time I fire it up to listen to music. What's up with that? Please direct me someone!!!
Bought this tablet for my son..great battery life, shipped fast..great value!
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
It replaces my 6" Fire Kindle. Love the HD quality.
was supposed to be a gift. there was a glitch in your computer system and it told me I wouldn't receive in time. ordered another one from someone else. then received it anyway. returned to store
Bought for my kids and they love them!! They love the camera!
I love this product. the screen is bigger, the bumper is stringer and my granddaughter loves it...so that's all that matters.
This is the perfect reader. Price is great, it's easy on your eyes. Battery lasts longer than a tablet.
this was purchased for my granddaughter for her birthday
My second Kindle fire. Lives up to Amazon'so description
My wife and I wanted our children to still enjoy the feeling of having an "iPad", so we got the Amazon Fire Kids edition. It has been awesome. I love the way you can set limits on the tablet so they're not glued to it all day long. Kids mode is extremely beneficial.
Gets use everyday by my girlfriend who i bought it for with no complaints, also love the color. Also may get one for myself.
Is good for the kids The only thing is I have to get a SD Card for more memory
Fantastic tablet fire one is great. Small and portable
Great..I love it..Glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
Bought the Amazon Fire tablet and love it. Beyond my expectations. Great value for the money. So happy I made the purchase.
He is a wizard with computers and tablets and knows much more than me.
i always buy from best buy. they have excellent products.The workers are very knowledgeable of what they sell.Thanks
It's exactly what you'd think it would be. No more, no less...a perfect e-reader for traveling and backpacking.
The best Kindle I have ever used. It does everything.
I bought these for my five and six-year-olds and they love the games and educational apps that come with it loaded from Amazon prime for free for a whole year. Great value for the money I will be referring this product to all of my friends.
I purchased this for my 4 and 2 year old grandchildren. They were using parents phones and running the battery down. Now they have their own device and can watch their cartoons and play games. Love the case, it makes it easy for little hands to hold on to. Overall very good purchase.
Great tablet for the price. Add to that expandable memory and it's a great gift for the holidays.
Great Christmas gift for my son. Best tablet ever.
Helps keep my son entertained on long rides, and it's pretty indestructible.
Leapfrog is a great learning tool for preschoolers and beyond my grandson loves it
My kids read books play games take pictures they love this.
So my 18 month old maybe the future computer wizard because she everything about my tablet. However my biggest concern is not so much that she knows how to unlock my Ipad, but throwing it down the stairs like one of her toys. Which makes the Kindle Fire tablet for kids the best invention since the Tivo. All the pre loaded apps, videos, books, etc is nothing short of amazing. The case is also very cool, hardwood floor and stair case proof. For under $100 bucks this is perfect for tech savvy kids like mine.
It's not a very powerful tablet. I needed something just to view Netflix and some other videos. Not to mention play some music and look at photos. Other than that I think it's too weak, not good for gaming. For the price though, you can't beat it.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter, it has been great. I can set time limits I can set it so she has to do educational stuff before play and I can have weekend time set different from the week days. The protective case is durable , perfect for my clumsy child. I very happy with the product.
This has a lot of good features to limit the amount of time and what is accessed.
I am very happy with this tablet. My kids spends hours of hours on this neat device.
Great price for product. It's get of you have kids.
I purchased this table to use to check my email and get on Facebook, but I use it for so much more. It is a great tablet for a good price.
I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.
Great little tablet, easy to use for kids. Wish the battery was bigger. Overall not a bad purchase.
I bought this tablet for my grandson and he absolutely loves it!!!!!
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
Great that you can get these in different colors to differentiate from the other one!
This was a gift for a 4 year old who was enjoying it immediately with very little adult assistance required. Haven't used it myself, but probably won't, its for kids! Good purchase.
I love my new e-reader!! I am enjoying all my books in one place.
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
My grand daughter loves it and so do her parents! Very durable. I'd highly recommend this product
I love this this memory card. The price was good ty
Great choice, battery life outstanding, many kid friendly features.
I love my Kindle black. I can read for hours without making my eyes sore the way a phone screen would. The functions are easy to use. Everything is set up clearly and simply. It's shape is adorable, and it's surprisingly light. The battery does last a long time.
Here are my pros and cons thus far.PRO:Perfect size for Ebooks, and web surfing to alleviate strain on the eyes from my 5" phone displaynice sturdy casing that gives it a nice heft but still weighs in as one of the lighter tablets on the marketChild Accounts- Amazon allows you to set up this tablet with age restricted access for kids making this a low cost piece of tech that is perfect for school kids and allows mom and dad to ration the amount of time lil Johnny can play Clash of Clans and how much he can hit the ol' Visa card for.Battery life thus far; wife was on it for about 5 hours last night and battery was at about 46%Kindle Integration -this goes without saying but having my ebooks and audible books synced to the tablet is awesome and my Kindle books look great
We love this , so many apps that you can download for free easy to maneuver she will be able to grow with this
Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.
Bought this tablet for my five-year-old son he plays it every single day loves it great kid friendly tablet
Got this for my Daughter-in-Law and she loves it. Does exactly what she needs it to do.
I'm enjoying the ease of having several reading options without the bulk.
As an existing Amazon Prime member, this is a no brainer. Has all the parental controls and kids can have a decent tablet that is durable for use, at a good price.
Reminded my son and I of his old early generation Kindle that worked so well.
Great price great product would recommend this gift
My 4 year old son got this for Christmas and he loves it
Works great ! Geating this one for my grandson for Christmas! He plays with his sisters now ! Well protected when they drop them ! Great learning experience !
I bought this tablet for my son. He damaged the previous one but it was good for his purpose. He loves to play the Minecraft app and can read a book with ease. I don't have a tablet for myself. If I did, I would get the Fire. All I would really need it for would be to surf the Web and use the apps. For the price, u can't go wrong.
I have two kids and they both love it. Its also nice because it is already setup for them.
Since I purchased mine the wife thought she would also like one so we picked up her one and she is using it a lot.
Got two for my kids for Christmas and they're awesome! And also got lucky they scanned to $20 less than advertised price! Woo!
Awesome tablet for young children. They love to play all the videos that it came equipped with already on it.
The parental controls are amazing! Super easy for my daughter to operate
What can I say, if you enjoy books and magazines it's hard to beat. Not backlit but not an issue for me. I take it everywhere and enjoy this version very much.
I didn't want to buy my 8 year old something really expensive but I wanted a good device so I tried this out and she loves it. The case that comes with it makes it almost indestructible.
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
I liked my really old one a bit better. It broke after 5 years suddenly. The screen failed. I had to pay over 20 bucks extra to get rid of the ads to Amazon. I wasn't aware of this when I first bought so it was more expensive than expected.
I love that this is a real adult tablet with kids programming installed. Biggest downfall is that my son has trouble switching from app to app, otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. The pull up menu eat the bottom isn't very responsive to his little hands.
I bought one for my boyfriend and one for his son. It's fast and easy to use.
This was replacement for my wife's original iPad and broken Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it, as it does basically everything both of the previous devices did in one unit that is easy to use, has good battery life, very nice screen resolution and good size for her. Great value, especially compared to an iPad.
I bought it Xmas for my 4 yr old who always wants our iPhones to watch utube videos. It's cool looking and well made plus Alexa is helpful. It she still prefers our iPhones because the touch screen makes it a bit easier to stop her video and is more sensitive. I like it but don't live it.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter, it has been great. I can set time limits I can set it so she has to do educational stuff before play and I can have weekend time set different from the week days. The protective case is durable , perfect for my clumsy child. I very happy with the product.
I bought this tablet for my 10 year old grandson. He loves it! It is very easy to operate and has a great display.
This tablet is very kid friendly. You log on the tablet and the kids is having fun...
MY DAUTHER LOVES THIS TABLET, IS EXCELLENT FOR A 3 YEARS OLD CHILDREN
Has been very durable with kids and easy to use. Great product for price.
bought this as a christmas gift for our son, it holds a lot of games and is very easy to use
Great product! I will recommend this to all of my family and friends.
Great tablet for kids my boys love their tablets!!
As long as apps are downloaded before leaving WIFI they work great for road trips or hunting trips!
Love this product, and don't know why it took so l
My 3yo is quite rough with stuff, as most are. And the case that comes with it is great!!
this is my second one and must have one of these at all times
We've had this tablet for about a month and have no complaints. Great tablet for a kid with lots of storage for games!
I purchased the kindle fire because I needed a entertainment only device for long flights. This device is the perfect size for travel and easy to use and set up with your Amazon account. It is worth purchasing a Fire tablet if you are an Amazon Prime member. If not, I would not recommend it because the available apps are limited . My only complaint about this device is that if it freezes it is difficult to reset.
grandson really enjoyed it Christmas. very easy to use
My 2 year old son really enjoys the tablet it's great
This tablet is quite durable. The pink is vibrant and it's very easy for little fingers to hold. My granddaughter loves it.
Owned a kindle fire HDX for GameCircle years. Finally decided Goodreads upgrade. This fire HD 8 is great. Really Prime the larger screen and new features.
Was a gift for our 8 year old daughter. Great for kids
My granddaughter loves this system. It is easy for her to hold, and she loves to play games on it.
I love the the Kindles!! Bought this for my grandson. Impressed with the 2 years no questions asked warranty.
Easy and simple for my grandson to use. Has no problem using it.
meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
Grand kids love it and it picked up the network in short order. They like the idea they have an iPad like the adults. Well implemented.
My granddaughter loves it! Long battery and is tough.She loves all the games and she learning so muchEveryday.
Someone recommended this to us for the 3 and 4 year olds. We bought two as gifts. Best Buy had the best prices. Kids love them and so do we!
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.
Do you like to read? If so this is an excellent device. There are better devices, but at this price you are not going to find a comparable product.
Easy to use meet standards my kids really enjoyed it
I already has an older version of the Kindle, but this one is even better. I love the touch screen and the ability to scroll without buttons.
Bought this for my young granddaughter. It is so easy for her to use. We can control the content. She is learning her colors and alphabet with the help of this tablet. Lots of free content. It was easy to connect to the home wifi. Great battery life.
My granddaughter loves it. It was a perfect gift for her long airplane trip.
I love that this tablet came preloaded. All we needed to do was charge it and my child had access to many books at an appropriate level.
I love this solutions for my kids. I gave it a four star rating because in order to install Apps you just have to tap the icon. Well my Two year old and five year old went tap crazy, like a Kangaroo on a Pogo stick. Needless to say the ran out of room quickly. I tried to teach them to not launch apps that weren't installed but they still have a problem discerning what is installed and what isn't. Aside from this, it is a fantastic device for kids to play and learn with. I especially like the parental control features. I just wish they would put in a feature for controlling what gets installed.
Good set of apps available and it is robust enough for the kids to abuse.
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
Does what we need it to. Able to download apps that make it fun.
I purchased this as a gift for my grandfather. He was excited when he opened it and will get great use out of it while he is in doors for winter.
it was good, works pretty easily. the camera is good.
Love the choice of colors. Have two kindles of my own and purchased this for a gift.
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
This is a great entry tablet, if you do not want to dish out a few hundred dollars you should look into a fire table.
This tablet is small, compact and easy to handle. It's easy to figure out the main functions. My one complaint is that it does not support some big apps such as Dropbox or Google Drive.
This was a Christmas present. The person that received it was very happy with it.. She has other Kindles but this new one is an obvious improvement over the previous ones.
The Fire tablet is great, we just bought our second. It's screen is pleanty big enough to see, but small enough to fit in my jacket pocket.
This tablet is perfect for my mom. She primarily uses it for playing games, the calendar and taking pictures. The camera is a decent camera for a 7" tablet. Hopefully she'll use it to read books and magazines as well.
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
Good to use it to read books under light.the price is lower than other website.
Give this product a 10 tons of great learning programs.
Loved the Fire HD7 but the latest HD8 is sharper, faster and still handles great.
This tablet is very good for my daughter of age five.
I like the way I can read many books and magazines as well as play various games on my kindle.
Video quality is very good. Works well with Amazon Prime Video and Music - no surprises there. Apps are VERY disappointing - many common apps are not available - even though there are Android versions! Not bad if you have modest expectations.
Goog tablet the only bad part is that you have to be creating a profile and thats where it gets complicated because when they sell u the tablet they saw its for kids
Good product, great price. Big improvement over my first tablet.
My grandson takes it on trips and he loves it. It's easy to use.
This is all around a great tablet. My 1yr old can use it with ease. Also love how we can change the profiles to suit adults as well. Would recommend to anyone and all ages.
This is a great tablet for the price! Love the pink color!
My daughter absolutely love her tablet and I love it to for her. It's very kids friendly
This is great for learning for little kids. Easy set up. in about a hours time my 3 yrs grandson new how to navigate through the whole system. Well made for kids in mind.
Need to definitely get a memory card. Not enough memory to hold kids apps.
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He loved it!
Daughter uses it constantly for games, texting, Web surfing, and email. Great alternative to more expensive devices.
Easy to play and very helpful to learning for children's
Granddaughter loves it these was her upgrade for her birthday
Needed a tablet for games and apps for the elderly. Great choice
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
Great generic tablet for looking to keep kids occupied. Mine enjoy the FreeTime Unlimited, and the child restrictions are great for my needs.My only concern has been for the space available. I was amazed at how quickly they ate up 32 GB of space on apps.
Awesome tablet with access to lots of apps. Great games and learning tools!
This is my second kindle. Have a few more items to learn. But love it. Easy to get around the apps.
My daughter got this tablet for Christmas and is very happy with it. The parental controls are awesome and make me feel safe as a parent. Only complaint is that is doesn't come with set up instructions.
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it. great
Great for kids if you don't want to spend money on the IPAD.
Nice reader. Light weight. Clear display! Portable
Easy to play and very helpful to learning for children's
This is a great tablet for basic needs.. internet.. video streaming.. games.. books... you dont need an ipad?.. get one of these.
I got this because it is almost impossible to break
The tablet was a great fit for my 21 month old toddler. She is able to watch episodes of her favorite cartoons and play some of the apps with assistance. I like that she will be able to use the tablet for years to come just by updating to more age appropriate apps.
i think the price is great the durability the easiness although you do need to spend money as well for extra better games and the charger breaks easily but u can use any android charger overall well worth the price i believe
My daughter loves it. Parental controls are simple makes it easy when monitoring what my kid is in to
Bought this tablet for our 2 year old. She loves to watch videos of nursery rhymes and Bubble Guppies. I can finally get some housework done without interruption. So user friendly, even a 2 year old can figure it out!
I love this solutions for my kids. I gave it a four star rating because in order to install Apps you just have to tap the icon. Well my Two year old and five year old went tap crazy, like a Kangaroo on a Pogo stick. Needless to say the ran out of room quickly. I tried to teach them to not launch apps that weren't installed but they still have a problem discerning what is installed and what isn't. Aside from this, it is a fantastic device for kids to play and learn with. I especially like the parental control features. I just wish they would put in a feature for controlling what gets installed.
Tablet is great for kids and adult use. I purchased the tablet to use at school with students with disabilities. The tablet holds up well holds a charge throughout the week. The tablet offers games that do not require Wi-Fi or data. If you have a prime membership there are a lot of benefits when using the fire, for example free apps, free streaming movies & music, etc.
I previously purchased two of these for two other grandkids and they just love them and so does mom. She can set time limits, can limit access, and much more. Plus it comes with a two year guarantee , if the child breaks it, they will replace it. Did I mention that there is a sd expansion card slot to increase the storage capacity. These grandkids are 4 to 8 in age, but older kids would enjoy this also.
I hope that Azi will like to have her own entertainment instead of playing games on the cell phone.
This is a kid friendly tablet good for gaming and learning games as well. Glad we got it.
This is an upgrade for my wife as her old kindle wouldn't charge anymore. She likes the feel and the games plus reading material. It rolled over most of her games easily tried to get her to buy an iPad but she has all she needs on thus device
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
Good for convenience when other devices are tied up, but the keyboard lags a little slower than I would like.
This is a great tablet for children and really has an easy to use format. The apps work well and keep the kid entertained by not distracting them with the mechanics.
My mom bought the tablets first for my sisters for Christmas an then my 4 year old wanted one so I purchased one for her. She loves it uses it for games, Netflix, an she is home school so she is able to do her work on the tablet as well
Great..I love it..Glad I got it..My nephew loves it.
This make an excellent ebook reader. Don't expect much from this device except to read basic ebooks. The good thing is it's cheap and good to read in the sun.
Good e-reader, with an improved design, light-weight
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
great kid friendly product, hours of enjoyment for all.
I can lock the screen so he can't mess anything up while I'm playing him an educational video plus built in case to handle and accidents this tab is golden
Got this on sale for a great price and is a great product.
convenient, easy to use and grand kids all have one too.
Easy to set up, great picture love it! Keeps my kids entertained and they love it also ....it was a gift.
I love to buy stuff at best buy Most of the employees are great at helping With everything i needEspecially JISSELA
I can read just about any book that is published and not leave my house to go to the store and have to buy them.
It ended up being the most popular gift that she got it does a wonderful job for children
My grandson loves it. Will be getting another one.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
Awseome tablet for toddler. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.
It's a really good tablet for children good parental controls expandable up to 128 gigs I like that so it allowed me to download as many things for the children to utilize separate from the Internet all around is a good device
I've had lots of tablets in the past, mostly from the Samsung line, but this is my first Amazon Fire, so I want to write this review for others who have never tried one of these. At the time that this was written, Alexa had not been added to the tablet.First, while this device runs an Android type of operating system, Amazon puts its own spin on the operating system. I don't feel like I'm using Android. This feels different to me. It doesn't have the same level of customization that Android users have come to appreciate. That being said, if you are an Amazon Prime member, this device has been tailored to be your content entertainment machine. It's simply a fun way to consume your magazines, books, etc.There are 3 on-screen buttons on the bottom of the device. The middle button immediately takes you to your home screen. The button to the left acts as a sort of "back" button. It also lets me get rid of my keyboard when I don't need it on screen, but it's open. The button to the right is super important. It took me a couple of days to realize what it does. That square shaped button is what you press you see what apps you have open. It lets you switch between apps, but it also lets you see which apps you have open and close them out. You can close them by pressing the "X" button in the corner of the window that appears or by touching the app window and swiping to the right. If you leave all of those apps open and you never close them, you'll drain your battery. Make sure you use that little square button to clear your apps.The device has several menus that you swipe left to view. First, you start with your home screen. You literally can stay on this screen and do anything you need to do on the tablet. All of your apps are housed here. You swipe up to view all of them. The tablet comes with several apps pre-installed such as Slik, Amazon's own internet browser, Audible, Good Reads, the Amazon app store, a weather app, etc. You can go to the Amazon app store to download other apps such as Twitter, Facebook, etc. You can combine the apps on this page into folders. You just drag one app to another app and a folder appears. This made my home screen much more manageable. You can change the size of the font on the home screen from normal to large or small in the device settings. This feature doesn't necessarily increase the size of the font within your apps, however. I believe it only changes the font on your main screens.If you have a magazine or newspaper subscription that is connected to your device, when you have a new issues, it will show up at the top of your home page screen under the heading of "new items." The device comes with a free 6 month subscription to the Washington Post. You'll see that under "new items" when you initially activate your tablet.You can change the wallpaper on the screen to use one of your own photos. You can do this through the settings menu on the device. If you want to use one of your own photos, however, you need to either take it on the device or move it into Amazon's Photos app, which is a cloud-based app.So far, I haven't found a way to effectively use a different photo management app that will let me change my wallpaper. I'm not crazy about the Amazon Photo app. I found it annoying to move my photos from my phone into Amazon's cloud just so I could view them on my tablet. That being said, I'm not planning to take photos on this device. I just wanted a few pet photos on there and the ability to change my wallpaper.Beyond the home screen, you can swipe to the right to view your other screen. They are pre-arranged to be: books, videos, games, shop, apps, music, audiobooks, and newstand. All of those screens are connected to your Amazon account. For example, if you have Kindle books you've already purchased, they automatically will appear under the Books menu. Your magazines and newspaper subscriptions will appear under the newstand menu. There doesn't seem to be a way to change the order of the menu pages. That bugs me, but it's not the end of the world. There's also one menu to the left of the "home" menu. It's the "recent" page. It shows you what you've received looked at on the tablet. I never use it, but it might be handy for some people.One of my favorite features of this tablet is Amazon's "On Deck" capability. If you're an Amazon Prime member, Amazon will periodically download a video to your device that it thinks you might like. The items don't count against your pre-installed memory and they automatically deleted off if your memory starts getting full. You can turn off the "on deck" feature if you don't like it. I've been content with the video playback capability. This isn't my major use of the device, but the images look fine and the audio is OK. I'll talk more about the speakers later. My other favorite feature of this tablet is viewing magazine content through the Newstand. I've tried 3 magazines on here and they all look gorgeous. Now, I can always have my magazines with me so if I'm stuck at the airport or at the doctor's office, I always have them. One of my regular magazines includes a free digital version of the magazine for free. I just had to connect my account to the device. This allows me to download the back issues of the magazine for as long as I've had an account. My other magazine didn't include a digital edition so I canceled the print edition of it and switched to the digital version. (It was an inexpensive magazine, anyway.) There are several magazines that you can try free for 30 days on the device. I did this with a third magazine and decided to keep it for a year. Viewing magazines on this gadget is a pleasure.The Kindle Fire doesn't come with the Google Play store installed. You can side load it to the device without rooting it (and breaking your warranty.) You can Google to find the instructions to do this. It's not difficult to do if you're fairly comfortable with technology. It probably took me 10 minutes. Most of the apps I wanted were in the Amazon store, but there were a handful that I had paid for through Google Play. The only way I could have them was to go back to access that store. They have worked fine so far. I despise the keyboard that Amazon pre-installed on this device. There are no lines between the letters on the keyboard. I suppose it designed to be better for swyping through keys, but I hate it. I fixed that problem by going to Google Play and downloading a new keyboard. It was a pretty easy problem to solve so I can't complain.Apps that are connecting to the Internet can be a little slow to load on this device compared to my other gadgets, but that generally doesn't bother me. If you were using this tablet to replace your personal laptop, however, that might drive you crazy. The screen on this device isn't bad. If I compare it to my fancy phone, it's not as shape, but when you think about the price of this device compared to my smartphone, the screen is outstanding.The speakers are OK. There are two of them located on the bottom of the screen. I won't say that they are fantastic. They aren't. In my opinion, they are fine for watching YouTube or a television show. They are not OK for listening to music if you are an audiophile. You can make it a little better by downloading a different music app instead of relying on the pre-install app, but still your music will sound tinny. That being said, you can always connect your tablet to a bluetooth speaker, use a pair of headphones, etc.This device wasn't made for taking pictures. It has a front and back camera, but they aren't designed to be spectacular. I'm not using them.I find this device a little difficult to hold in my hands. I think that's partly because of the size and partly because it feels very slick. Also, I do have some hand problems (similar to someone who has Carpal Tunnel syndrome). I think it will be easier to handle once my case arrives. I'm still waiting for it. I'm greatly enjoying this device. It's simply fun to use the tablet. There are weaknesses that come with that lower price tag, but you legitimately get a lot of bang for your buck, particularly if you regularly use Amazon services. If you don't typically use Amazon and you are just looking for a tablet for viewing the Internet and you're looking for a low price tag, this device may be OK for you.
Both love this tablet and the numerous educational apps available that I bought one for each
I have several Kindles so knew what to expect. It is a great reading device and I keep several in different locations.
My 5 year old sons love it , Seems to be well made .
I bought 2 of these, 1 for each of my 2 youngest Grandaughters. Wanted something that would be made well, easy to use and as they get older the range of use could expand. Not only is it a good activity but a great learning tool. I will download fun and game activities but learning also even though many of the fun and game are learning tools. Their ages are 3 1/2 and 5 and they love them. Easy to download items, save to home screen or remove items. Their are several parental controls and options so you can feel worry free. Can add more than one user and profile.
If you really want to have a good read on something digital this is the item you're looking for. It really is lightweight and highly functional. The battery lasts a long time and the screen is easy on the eyes. The only difficulty sometimes is reading in extremely bright environments. Overall an excellent buy.
We love the parent controls and durability. We would definitely buy another.
I purchased this Kindle for my wife because her Kindle Fire gives off too much glare to use in sunny conditions. Besides being able to use it while riding in the car during daytime, the biggest advantage she found is that it is significantly lighter than the Fire. Since she reads for hours on end that is a big plus. The main drawback is that the graphics aren't as clear with this reader. All in all, it was money well spent.
Good quality little tablet, great for kids. Locked down and does not run full Android so you cannot use google play store apps.
The price for this tablet is not the only great selling point. The free year of amazon free time is perfect for my son. There are tons of games, books, and videos in this service. My favorite feature is how we can set time limits on screen time. We can even set it to require an amount of learning app or book time per day before access to games is allowed. Great choice for kids.
The Amazon fire tablet is a great gift for kids of all ages . Ez and fun to use keeping kids entertained while giving them educational tools to use at their grade level and hire.
Good device. My previous one was inherited and has a cracked screen.
Love that I could get it in a color! And it's just the right size for little hands.
Very easy to set up with an Amazon prime account. Haven't had to pay anything, great for small kids. Like the protective cover that goes on this device
I thoroughly enjoy reading on this. That is the main reason I bought it and it fits nicely in my purse.
great tablet for web access and works well gaming no reason to spend more unless you need a larger screen
I am a senior citizen who is not that great on computers or tablets, therefore, I need a book to help me understand how to do things on the tablet. I could not believe that this tablet did not come with an instruction booklet. It's taking me some time but I am learning how to get around this thing. That's why I can only give this product 4 stars instead of 5.
I bought this for my grandson who loves it. Easy to understand and lots of great apps to download. Forget the iPad - buy this instead and get the same functionality for way less money
Great tablet for kids very entertaining and informative for kids learning
My grandson needed a new tablet. He had a Nabi for the last two years and had reached it's limit regarding storage. I found this tablet and decided I was the perfect choice because of the great price, memory, and it comes with a "kid proof" case.
OK, I was so unsure of this Kindle because it does not have all of the bells and whistles of the others. BUT I am very happy with it. I love my Kindle! I have managed to read a book a week on it sicnce I got if for Christmas. I have been reading the free books on Kindle. There are so many to pick from. While home, I download the books that I want to read and then while I am in the car or waiting at the DMV, I just pull of the book and read. It remembers where I am in the book. This Kindle does not have the back light. I was nervous about that but so far this has not been a problem because the light it has is fine for me. When I am reading in the car, I enlarge the font and it makes seeing the words easier for me. That is the most important factor for me because I can get car sick if I read while riding in the car but with the larger font I don't have that problem. I wear glasses with bifocals and holding this seems to be more comfortable than a book because I can hold it up if I need to. The size is perfect! Again, I can enlarge the font so the smaller screen size really has nothing to do with the readability. Love it!!
It is great if you are a prime member , case is durable!
I have two kids and they both love it. Its also nice because it is already setup for them.
It does what I need it to do, but a few to many apps that are not needed.
I have a Kindle and my grandson uses it when he comes to visit. We decided to get him one.
Not very user friendly, in addition the camera exposure is not sharp enough. However a great tablet for a child to play with.
My children think these are the greatest. I'm kind of partial to agree. You can limit their time, access and the things are built like a tank.
Son loves it........................................
Grandson plays outside with it Love that it has the protected case Plays games with the other kids,
Very durable for a child. Offers more than one user so everyone can read their favorite books.
The kindle fire is great especially the kid version. The free time app keeps the kids out of my files and prevents them from messing with tablet settings.
Goog tablet the only bad part is that you have to be creating a profile and thats where it gets complicated because when they sell u the tablet they saw its for kids
This is my 3rd Kindle upgrade. I love everything about it. The ebooks read to me at night, the games and the movies show extremely well...feels as though I am right there. My kids have ipads...but I'm stuck on my Kindle.
I purchased this tablet for my 10 year old son and he loves it. Great for movies, games and reading books online. Definetly would recommend it as a starter tablet for young children. The hard protective cover is a plus.
Perfect..grandson, age 16 months, just loves it! No worries if dropped.
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
This is well constructed for kids. My biggest reason I don't like it is it asks for a credit card, for a kids tablet. I suggest you buy a prepaid credit card or a Amazon gift card for game purchases!
I bought this for my daughter, wanting to get her a kindle without having access to games (like with the kindle fire). This latest version of the kindle is excellent. I am jealous of my daughter and now am thinking about upgrading from my older kindle. The touchscreen is responsive. If you like reading on the kindle, it is worth the update.
Such a great product. I like that it is very small and fit in my purse. I like that the battery last for a very long time.
Great price - great shipping - great item! Perfect Christmas gift for our granddaughter!
I bought this for my mom on her birthday. She loves it. It big enough and easy for her to navigate.
This tablet was an upgrade from the Nabi Jr for my 4 year old and she really enjoys it. There are so many apps/books/videos and it entertains her much more. The only thing i would recommend is getting an additional storage product since there isnt much internally.
Great product and great service from bestbuy online
Initially we purchased the Kids Kindle Fire for our 3 year old. The parental controls and time limitations are super easy to set up. We have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that our 9 year old son uses, but we ended up getting a second Fire for him because it seemed very kid-friendly and I didn't have to worry about any inappropriate content popping up. Lots of good educational apps and games.
Bought this with the intention of reading more, it serves it's purpose! I will be purchasing another one soon for my nephew, for his books and learning games.
This was purchased for my older grandson, age 6, for Christmas and as I stated in another review it has had games downloaded on it and will be ready to use when it is opened by him.
This item is perfect for children and great for parents. It provides a sense of security that it will not be damaged the first week a child uses it.
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
i bought this as a backup. I am currently using the same headphone.
My 2 1/2 year old loves this. He can't break it with the thick rubber case, and we can control the games he plays, and how long he plays. Great mix of educational and fun items. The only problem is the charging cord is a bit too easy to break. If they pull it off the charger, it makes the port loose and you have to get the right angle for it to charge.
Easy to navigate. Daughter loves it. It's lightweigh and its just what she needed for this avid reader.
Looks pretty solid will update review as soon as gift is opened .
My first Kindle and I love it. No backlight and perfect view in the sun are awesome.
Bought this for my 4 yr. old for Christmas, she loves it and is very easy to use. The battery lasts a long time
A little more complicated than my original kindle, but I lIke it.
Once the games are downloaded it was great for long road trips.
Plan to buy a second a second Amazon Kindle for a hi e year old.
My older kids helped me put in the child safety features and then it works great for my special needs daughter
works well worth the price good quality product have not had a problem
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
Perfect for reading but also has many other functions. Downloaded my favorite games & travel apps. Set up easy. So far, works great.
Needed a tough little tablet for my grandson. Had it a couple of months and has held up very well.
He loves it. Helps him learn and teaches him how to count
The kinde was really good and my dauther like it. It is very good product and i would reccomend this to al my firends and family.
It is a great tablet believe it or not it is also great for kids use parental controls.
I love everything about it, except the glare. Great product though, easy to use, great movie quality as well. I just wish I could read it on the beach.
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
Good tablet. Gave as gift and person enjoys it. Recommend
My daughter like her tablet it's so simple to use.
Great tablet for ages 8 and under my kids love them
it would not load my books proper. took a dozen tries erasing an dreregistering. screen too dark
My 3yr old grand daughter loves her new tablet! Now she can watch Mickey Clubhouse whenever she wants.
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
I was worried that it would have lag, but it didn't. I got this to replace my Kindle paperwhite (Which I still LOVE), because I wanted to be able to listen to the audio on the books as well. IT's a great little tablet that does so much of what I wanted it to do. The stand by time and play time are better than I thought they would be as well. I LOVE the blue light filter, although that takes time to get used to it if your not already accustomed to that sort of thing. The only other thing I really don't care for is the fact you can not easily add Google play store.
Using for Pandora in an office setting. Set up with older system and speaker system - works great.
Used it and looks very paper like. They integrated the simplest form of an e reader, which makes it stand out for its use.
It was a gift and she really loved it. It was an in-store service clerk that educated me on this product..
This is a great tablet for my 3 year old grandson. The cover is great in that, if he drops it, it won't break! Great buy
Excellent value, lets me lug all my favorite books around and read whenever. Wouldn't be without it.
You can't beat the price. Great deal for what you're paying.
Does a lot more than old tablet.It Hasmore memory.
I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it. It's easy to use and the perfect size for his hands.
The tablet works well and the silicon pumper cover is great for gripping.
A gift to my 2 year old granddaughter. It came preloaded with child programs. She quickly learned how to access the programs. Parents now have their iPad back...very well protected for tosses and drops
My kid loves it. It's really convenient for us to put educational games on it for him.
My daughter loves her new tablet. Plenty of games and videos to watch
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it.We set the parental controls for her age group, and now we don't have to worry about what she is doing on it. We downloaded her favorite disney movies onto it, and now she has her own little private movie theater. It also works great with our Amazon Fire TV and can watch a lot of her favorite kid shows. This is a great buy for the money and I recommend it to everyone.
My son is 4 and he loves it. Super easy to use for kids.
My daughter bought this with her birthday money. She loves it and is always playing it.
My 4 year old grandson enjoys 'playing' with his tablet.. I say playing because he thinks most of the programs on it are games that he can play. At some point he will probably realize that while enjoying the games he is also learning. He enjoys it - a lot!
I talk myself into the 32g and I am so glad I did!!! I have used only kindles for the past 5 years and I love them.... I love the color as well!!!
I purchased 2 of these FIre HD tablets as gifts. They pack a lot of punch for the price. I helped set them up so I was able to get an idea of how they are going to work. The screen was very nice and clear. Speed of tablet was good. It is easy to use. If you are already in the Amazon family through prime it is a no-brainer.I don't believe you can get a better tablet at this price point.
It is very simple to start up and use. Great for all ages and experience on using tablets.
My stepkids are pretty rough on their toys and these have lasted pretty darn well so far. Easy to update and add games, apps and school related material. Go for it if you are looking for a pretty darn decent tablet for the lil ones
So I was given a HD for Christmas and when this went on sale in time for Father's Day I had to get it... Love that it has the expansion slot!!!
Bought this for all four of my children and they loved it.
Easy to hold, access to some free games - just be careful if you have 1-click payment option. My 3 year old charged $16 to my account in 3 days. Good news - I received emails about the purchases and was able to get help in stopping the process from happening too often. She loves the "FIRE"
I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old and he loves it! Very easy to use and setup.
Kids love it. Easy for them to use. Only issue is there is a ton of Ads that pop up.
Product is good, light. Amazing battery backup. I charge the Kindle one in 4 weeks. Great product for reasonable price. USB connection is easy, Books are easy to download. Overall, everyone must have Kindle with them and this is the best product/model to start with.Understandably, this is the beginner level model for people who never used Kindle before. Features like LED lights, White paper background are not available on this model. These features are there on higher models so one cannot read it in Dark without lights. But again, for this price you would not get any other good readers.If you are someone who reads in dark then I would suggest go for Higher Kindle models.
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. I could set her as a user and make it safe for her age. I downloaded books and apps with ease. I'm glad that she is loving her Fire.
Bought for my eight year old. She absolutely loves it!
I can use my tablet all time and your conecctions is very good
My son loves his kindle fire tablet. It is perfect
My daughter absolutely loves her new fire, lots of space, easy to set up and lots of apps
Very user friendly and straight forward instructions great for all ages
Tablet good for kids and some adults. Price and screen resolution were also a selling point.
Great Tablet for children...comes pre-loaded with lots of applications for loads of entertainment for younger children. It also comes with a 2 year warranty at time of purchase.
My kids love their kindles and love free time in it. Numerous educational games!
Bought this for my grandson and am very pleased with the quality. The case protects it well.
We bought this for our daughter, she plays with it a lot and really loves it.
Easy to use for a 5 year old. She loves it. I just don't like that my amazon account is linked to her tablet.
We are used to iPads in our house. This has taken some learning to get used to a slightly different format, but it works great!! The price point is perfect for kids to use without the worry.
Purchased this for my Down Syndrome sister who enjoy playing games on it.
Very rugged design. My nieces absolutely love this.
Great tablet for the kids and adults great features like the rubber case and free features for kids
My granddaughter loves this system. It is easy for her to hold, and she loves to play games on it.
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
I will recommend for other parents to buy this product
It has been a great product for our son. Easy to use and excellent for learning and playing games. Video quality is very good as well.
Super easy to setup for the kids to use. Parental controls are a bonus.
good product for youngsters, provides learning and fun together
I have no issues with product. Daughter seems to love it
I got this for a friends son the only problem with it is he won't put it down LOL
Best thing I got my kids. They don't ask to borrow mine anymore.
Good kids tablet for games and videos but the charger is pretty annoying.
Purchased this as a gift for my wife because her B&N Nook was dying. She absolutely loves it, especially since it does so much more. I'm now waiting for my Nook to start acting up so that I have an excuse to get a Kindle for myself.
My child loves playing with the Kindle fire. It is entertaining and educational.
Great tablet for the price. We have a tendency to go through multiple tablets a year with the little kids. This is a great price and does everything we want for our young kids.
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
Young kids love it, easy to use and takes a beating but still cheap enough that if it does happen to break you don't break the bank too
purchased for 4 yr old, he loves it the fact he can play games or movies, love the parental controls as I am able to monitor how much he is on it.
I really like that my child is engaged with all of the different apps we have downloaded.
Tablet is perfect for beginners who just want basic
Bought for my granddaughter age 5 for Xmas. She loves it.
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
Santa brought this to our daughter, she's 7 and it's perfect for her!! Easy to use and figure out!
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands
I bought 1 a year ago for our oldest kid. Came back this year and bought two more. Built really well. This is the best choice for a kids tablet.
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
It was easy to set up and use. Best Buy employees were a huge help teaching me about the many features.
Great starter eReader, very simply does what it's made to do.
works great, easy to use. play videos and game good
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
I bought this tablet for my two yr old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves the games and camera. Works great. Glad I got it for her.
My sons love playing on their tablet. Not only does it allow me additional time to get things done but they enjoy the educational apps provided.
Great tablet, not for the power user. Average users will find everything they need.
Our kids love it and the Amazon unlimited is fantastic with tons of options. However, our kids still fight over usin our grownup tablet bc the screen is larger.
My son loves his tablet or at least that's what he calls it
My 5 and 8 year olds love these tablets. They are able to play age appropriate content. Tablet seems well powered and the case is providing good protection.
I needed a device to listen to books on a long drive. This paired easily in the car and downloading the audible books was a snap.
Great quality, great price and best of all has good sound.
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
Amazon free time great for small kids to get entertained
Excellent product very good piece strongly recommend
It needs the Internet to connect to your devices and play music. Sometimes you can be cut off. The rest of the time it is easy as can be.
Easy to use and navigate, purchasing books is fast and simple and I love the fact that I can password protect this device
I am happy as i bought it for reading and it is good.
This is a great beginner tablet for children. Bumper pad fantastic for protection from falls.
This is the second one I bought. My grandkids love them.
I originally got the lower end Kindle, took it back and upgraded. The light really is a must. I can't believe how much more I'm reading now that I have it, and there are TONS of free books out there if you know where to look. Best. Purchase. EVER.
Nice sturdy case. Good way to start children on tablets.
my dauther loves the tablet and I can get the SD to get more storage and load up all the disney movies that I purchased. it is a great purchase.
Nice starter tablet for my nephew. Does what we need it to do.
IT was just as described. I would recommend it to a friend.
I got this for my daughter's for Christmas this is a great gift it helps them learn and keep them out of trouble thanks again Best Buy.
I bought this tablet because it was very inexpensive and the right size and fit for my daughter...
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. We take it everywhere.
This has been an exceptional hit for us she totally loves it.
Great product, for a very good price! Loved this tablet
My 2 yr old loves his tablet. Best purchase ever. It has great educational videos and is easy for him to work on his kids profile. Amazon got it right!
My daughter loves her tablet I love free time love the case it came with just right to buy for a kids first tablet
Like it so much I gave them out as gifts for Christmas
My grandson really enjoys his new Kindle that he for for a Christmas present.
This is the second one I bought. My grandkids love them.
Great tablet for my kiddos they love these kindle fire kid tablets and they are very strong hold up to a lot. Price is great too.
Looks nice can't wait to try it out! Great price for a tablet.
Bought for my 2 yr old grandson.. and he loves it has a lot of learning numbers alphabet and shapes
Bought for grand daughter for Xmas since most 5 year olds now a lot about tablets and had no problem with this very easy to use.
just what I was looking for to putin my guest room. It has a good picture
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
I had always been looking to upgrade my original Kindle. I love the new touch features and display on this one. The size also makes it very easy to transport.
My son has the Hd fire used for last 3 years, I bought this one for my moms birthday. She loves it. It's easy to navigate and the ability to increase the size of the print allows for the smaller screen cheaper price :)
This has kept my kids entertained, but maybe just a little too entertained. Sadly, they don't want to do much else
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
Very happy with product. It's a miniature lap top.
We bought this as a Christmas gift for our 6 year old. He loves it. It's durable and reliable.
Bought this to carry around for Internet and gaming. So far very happy.
This was a life saver on our recent cross country flight. It was nice not having to worry if my three year old was too rough with it, knowing it had a great Amazon warranty.
Purchased for my 3 year old grand daughter, she LOVES it.
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.
I like the fact that it comes w/a case. It's easy for the child to operate, instructions are clear.
We purchased 2 ... one for each grandson so they can watch movies and play games. Like the parental controls. That was very important to us.
My sons love playing on their tablet. Not only does it allow me additional time to get things done but they enjoy the educational apps provided.
This amazon tablet is perfect for first time users. Easy to operate even for a 3 year old.
I got this tablet to replace my sons old one, I love the adult/child profile and the ability to have the 2 year replacement warranty. The case has also came in handy many times.
My sister in-law recommended these to my wife and I and I thought I would try one. They are just the right size to lay in bed of a evening and read a good book for a while.
So far this tablet has been efficient. It kinda bad is difficult to use and it seems to require a lot of steps to get the kids profiles set up and it actually does not do everything I hoped it would.
I love the preloaded apps. There are 1000 to choose from for all ages. The book selection is expansive. My 3 year old plays with it everyday. Its great for trips in the car or just being around the house. Great Buy!!! I enjoy playing with Alexa....ask her anything and she has an answer.
Got this for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She plays on it till we have to recharge it! She loves it! Great little tablet with a host of capabilities.
This tablet operates wonderfully. The size is handy. The graphics vibrant.For the affordable price it is unbeatable :-)
Fun product that can be used for many purposes. Great for streaming or reading on the go with great graphics. Makes an awesome gift!
My granddaughter loves her tablet toddler friendly
Works well for browsing and reading. It also has great apps.
Great hardware for the price, similar to the ipads
I bought this tab as a birthday gift for my 12 yr old nephew who lives in India. It's very useful for him to google for important information over the Internet for his school assignments. Also, he can video chat with me using Skype.Rightly priced to be a kid's product. Resolution could've been better if its targeted as a kid's product. I think better resolution can reduce some pressure on eyes while reading documents with fine text.
I wanted a tablet mainly to keep by my chair so I could look up stuff, such as information about movies I watch on TV, or answers to the New York Times crossword puzzle, or anything else I was curious about. I didn't want to spend much money, but was still dubious whether such an inexpensive tablet could be any good. I decided that for a measly fifty bucks (plus $20 for extra storage), it was worth a shot. I found that it's perfect for my purposes - relatively fast and easy to use. I haven't used it for downloading or the like, but my guess is it'll be OK there, too. I'm happy I bought it.
I would recommend this to a friend is anybody with little kids
I got this for my 3 year old after he broke my tablet. It is perfect for him! I love that it comes with all the games and apps. He has dropped it several times and no issues.
Got this for my 3 year old due to it having the bumper and I will tell you it's well worth it. I couldn't tell you how many times its been dropped and survives every time.
Amazon's devices get better and better each release. I've had the original Kindle fire and it's in no way an Apple iPad replacement, but what it does it does better than anyone. It's a perfect starter tablet and perfect for a child. The price keeps you from worrying about drops and the interface is easy to use.
This is really very comfortable and easy as well as strong for toddler my baby really enjoy using this amazon fire kids
love the worry free guarantee since this has been dropped several times. with that being said this tablet hs held up
I bought this device recently for my daughter, she likes it very much. She learning new things. I also gifted this device to my friends Son.
I debated on what tablet/reader to buy and decided on the fire! I have been very pleased with it. Bought it on sale, what a great price!
My kids love using it. They use it everyday with YouTube videos
This kids fire tablet is perfect for our 5 year old granddaughter. We downloaded some free and purchase kids apps. It give us a break as she's not always asking for our tablet. And we know the content on it is safe.
We bought the fire for my 85 yr old aunt. She loves it!! Easy to use
Great tablet for my 3 yr old. Love the profile options and parental controls!
Bought as birthday present for grandson and he plays with it daily and with the case on it he hasn't broken it either.
The kindle over all is great. There's only one thing I would want better and that is the speaker. My last kindle was louder. I really miss the louder speaker.
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
My 2 year old granddaughter carries her tablet everywhere. She loves it.
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
Verified PurchaseI got the kids version because this is mainly for my toddler. I know, I know, yes I did get this for my toddler. He is always interested in the learning apps we get on our phone for him so we figured this would be perfect.
It's nice but not as easy to switch profiles as I would like for it being a child's tablet. But overall easy to use just a lot of junk on main profile.
This tablet is great for trips. Just make sure you download games and shows on it first since it does not have Internet. The case is great for kids who are rough with technology, it really takes a beating.
I enjoy reading with my Kindle Fire. That is the reason I purchased it. Because I do not have Wi-Fi my use is limited.
Great product and great service from bestbuy online
I love this tablet/kindle. I can access email, Facebook, play simple games, shop online and read my books.
I bought this item for my 9 year old son. He loves it and it has nice feaures such as parental controls.
I love my amazon fire tablet, I'm sure my kids will love theirs too!
Great way to get kids introduced to using a tablet. A ton of free software is available. Guarantee seals the deal.
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
I bought this because I recently signed up for Amazon Prime and wanted to take advantage of the free books. Nice tablet.
Love it. Would definitely recommend to a friend. Just the right size to hold in one hand and "turn" pages with the other.
This new Fire tablet with 16 GB of internal memory is an upgrade from my older 8 GB version, allowing more storage of books, movies and apps.
I bought the tablet for my 2 year grand daughter. The system comes with a set of kid friendly games and allows you to put the tablet on kid mode.. this keeps her in the "safe zone". I also installed ABC Mouse. Another hit program
My brother told me about this product. I bought it for my son and he loves it.
My 5 year old son loves his kindle. He can fully work it himself. We love all the he age appropriate games, learning apps, and books. The case is great for all those accidentally drops.
My 3yr. old loves this tablet. Easy for her to use. She watches videos plays games.
My son is a huge fan of it and I love that I can control what he watches and plays
read the reviews, bought this tablet to replace an e-reader. Way more than I expected. Video was better than reviews stated, books load faster than my old one Still getting used to a new OS but I am very pleased
I am enjoying my Kindle very much! Easy to down load books and easy to read! Very happy with my purchase!
My Son absolutely loves this thing, very durable and comes with a great warranty.
My 2yr old daughter loves it! Perfect Xmas gift!
I bought this for my granddaughter who is 2 and was able to load all the apps and books as well as her Disney movies. So far she has been unable to access anything that I don't want her to. And it has been able to withstand frequent toddler abuse.. Aka.. Throwing it. Definitely recommend.
My newphew loves it! He's 4 years old and can easily use the tablet.
Great buy after owning the original kindle Fire, it's very versatile and shows the progress made from the original. You can't lose and pair it with Amazon Prime.
everything was as I expected.... and order it online and pick it up next day... easy to do...
best money I ever spent for my grand child she just love it
The Amazon Kids Fire keeps my grandson captivated with lots of activities. He loves that it's just right for his little hands. He makes sure that everyone in the family knows the Kindle belongs to him by saying, "It's mine!"
I'm super happy and very glad I made this purchase!
When used with AMAZON Prime and the "FreeTime" app for kids this is a great tablet. Recommend installing at least 32 gb of micro SD card storage and install apps to the card to insure that the tablet has enough free space to handle videos. Easy enough to use for our 2 year old grandson.
Bought this for my teenage daughter and it works beautifully with great battery life.
I love hear readers, I had to replace mine because I destroyed the last, but it is awesome
I love that the kids can only do what you allow them to they can't get to the internet unless you put it on there profile which I don't because I have a four and 2 year old, there apps are very easily accessed and are big so they can b seen very well . also these tablets double and can b used as a regular tablet for grown ups
This is an awesome product.I also own a paperwhite, if you always read in good lighting I would recommend you save some money and buy this instead of the paperwhite.
Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. She is special needs and so far she shows an interest in the movies and games included on this tablet. She is able to easily use it with minimum assistance.
It's a very reliable tablet for the little ones. Most enjoyable feature is how you can control everything they look at and what kind of apps they use.
Great for the child. Unfortunately it doesn't have a volume limit setting
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
Bought one of these two weeks before on Amazon and paid almost double for what Best Buy had these for. So, i bought another one the same day as this!
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
Good age appropriate learning tool for kids. There is a variety of apps kids can download to keep them from getting bored. Overall a good tablet for the kids.
Im happy to have it. Very comfortable and easy to use every where
This is the best tablet for a kids tablet. The modified Android operating system with Amazon features built-in is great. I am reviewing for what it is, a KIDS TABLET. It has a 1.3 gigahertz processor, meaning for such a small device that decently enough. Internal memory is 8 gigs but you can expand to 256 gigabytes. You wont run out of memory. It has a 2 megapixel camera that shoots in 720p, meaning not full 1080 hd or 4k. Again, if you bought it for a camera you'd be wrong, but for a kid 2 years to 12 years old, that's good. It has 1 gig of ram so it is kind of sluggish on more detailed games. Our 2 year old isn't playing any heavy graphics games that take up the CPU and GPU. It came with a nice rubber case for drop protection and she has thrown it a few times excitedly and it did its job. It has no resource hogging GPS or RADIO but it does have bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
It's a very good tablet for your child everyday use
Set up for kids right out of the box. Can't beat Amazon's warranty either. Thanks for providing an outstanding product.
I love the amazon fire kids edition. It has lots of fun apps for kids.
I bought two of these for my granddaughters and they are very easy to use and they love them.
Great for kids. Simple and inexpensive. 16G must better than 8G
This is a great beginner tablet for children. Bumper pad fantastic for protection from falls.
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
Searched around for the perfect tablet for my 3 year old. After testing tablets in stores and reading reviews online the kids fire stood out. The 2 year warranty and free year access to kids content is amazing. The soft foam case provides coverage for drops, the battery life is good for a few hours of play time and the charge time is quick after. For the money this tablet cannot be beat , only minor issue ive noticed is having connection issue with networks at times but this is can be fixed by disconcerting and reconnecting to network. Overall this is a Best Buy for the money, tablet can also be used for adults when you exit the free time app.
Love the simplicity. Also love that I use it for reading only and can't download distracting apps.
Works well! We had one of the original fires and it finally died which is why we bought another. Great clarity and better internet also
Out of the box this was easy to set up and even easier to use
I purchased two for my grandchildren. They carry the Kindle with them everywhere they go. Great purchase!
My mom loves the kindle fire hd 8. She had the first kindle and it was time for an upgrade! Great buy for her birthday present!!
Great quality, great price and best of all has good sound.
Awseome tablet for kids. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.
My kids love their amazon kindles! They can take them anywhere and play on them! Great battery life!
She has learned how to play games and learning games. Easy to get to her apps and learned how to download. She charges it every night so it can be ready for her when she gets out of school
My kids love their amazon kindles! They can take them anywhere and play on them! Great battery life!
This tablet is great for small kids because it is well protected and is preloaded with many games.Adults can also use it when required.You have to be careful what mode your in as your child may start trying to buy stuff on you!
We bought this for our 3 year old daughter. Great variety of apps, books, and educational videos for her to explore. Love the features that allow us to control her time spent on it. My only complaint is that its processing speed is quite slow getting between different menus but at this price and for a 3-year old I can't complain too much.
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was unable to find a new Kindle in-store and was excited to find Best Buy had them online and I could purchase it and have it delivered simply and easily.
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
I purchased two of these tablet a pink and blue. They was for my 5 and 7 years children. They really love their tablets. Yes, it was a birthday gift.
Both my 2 year old and my 4 year old love this tablet!
We replaced and aging fire HDX. She noticed the WiFi connection is improved and the screen is larger. She prefers this to my iPad Air
My Son absolutely loves this thing, very durable and comes with a great warranty.
I sent it for my granddaughter as a birthday gift, seemingly she's enjoying and learning thru it.
The Amazon Kindle is a series of e-readers designed and marketed by Amazon. Amazon Kindle devices enable users to browse, buy, download, and read e-books, newspapers, magazines and other digital media via wireless networking to the Kindle Store.
My daughter loves her tablet. Amazon has plenty of games for her to play. It is also easy for her to use.
Seems to be great but just need a little more time to play with it. The main user is nearly four years old. Happy with it and gets excited when using it.
Absolutely love Kindle Kids Edition. Easy to use. Great apps and love it comes with 2 year warranty. Must have for my 2 kids.
The grandkids love this tablet, easy for them to use
Easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone whit kids
Bought for my son for Easter. He loves it and easy for him to use. great for different apps for learning.
Like it better then the nabi jr. More like a real tablet. Actually it is with the extra protective case
My daughter loves it. She can read books and watch movies.
I'm very happy with this tablet..My nephew loves it.
My wife's old kindle stopped holding a charge. So to surprise her I stopped by my local best buy and picked up this kindle. This kindle is great. Its has a display that rivals my samsung tablet pro and has a long battery life. My wife uses it every day. This is great for any book worm or if your looking for a tablet on a budget.
I absolutely LOVE my kindle. I go nowhere without it. It has kept me entertained for hours. Don't have to keep up with books that get torn or lost. I would and DO RECOMMEND a kindle for EVERYONE
My son LOVES it! Easy to use and download books. Requested for his Birthday gift.
Bought it for my grandson for Christmas and he loves it
My daughter loves this tablet. She cant keep her hands off it...
Works better than the 7" Amazon Fire tablet I have. Better screen, faster processor and bigger to boot.
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
This is great, my daughters first tablet and it came with everything she needed to get started. She loves the pink bumper guard and so do I for the safety.
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
We got this for our three year old daughter. At first she was not interested it it at all she just wanted my tablet but once she got use to it she now prefers it to my iPad
I bought this to replace a damaged much more expensive tablet of my daughters. Great item and just as nice as the more expensive one. She absolutely loves it.
Took some time to get use to the Kindle Reader (use to the IPad), but I like that I can read without distractions.
This an awesome tablet for kids. My Grandson never wants to put it down. The case is great protection from drops.
This is a great tablet at a great price! We bought a number of them as raffle prizes for our employee appreciation party and everybody loved them!
I've been using the original B&N Nook ereader for several years now. I finally decided to upgrade. I wish I'd done it a lot sooner. The new Kindle touchscreen ereader is phenomenal.The device is light and easy to carry, almost unbelievably so. It is fast and responsive and touch screen has 0 delay. I would recommend anybody in the market for this one buy one immediately. You won't regret it.
Bought these for my grand children for Christmas and they have thoroughly enjoyed using their 'tablets' and the apps that can easily be saved on the tablet.
This is the best purchase I've mad in a tablet my daughter loves it
I am so delighted I purchased this tablet for my toddler son! Pros: The rubber case allows the tablet to take quite a beating, which was crucial for this purchase. Another huge pro is that adults can use the tablet under their own sign-on which works like any other tablet. From the adult sign-on you can customize what your kids can watch, screen time allowance, and add or remove apps for them. The price isn't bad compared to the price of adult tabletsCons:Kind of bummed I can't link my Google Play apps I purchased but I guess it makes sense this is not a Google/Android product. The battery life isn't all that great, but the charger is fast!I wish there was a freeze option that would prevent kids from hitting the screen while watching Netflix or other videos Highly recommend for anyone with young children. You won't be disappointed!
This make an excellent ebook reader. Don't expect much from this device except to read basic ebooks. The good thing is it's cheap and good to read in the sun.
My children really enjoy this tablet. We have tried other brand tablets and those were not too kid friendly, even though they were kid tablets, and I found them a little advanced for my children's ages. So this tablet was perfectly age appropriate, and with a bigger memory than the previous, no complaints.
Kid friendly Great appsChild can learn many things with this tablet
this is excellent for kids 3-7. the only thing I don't like is it is difficult to go to kids web pages by typing in an web address once you set up the kids profile, plus it takes away the easy access of the camera which the kids love. I may have set it up wrong as it did not come with printed instructions and I am not tech savvy. This item is extremely durable and great fun for the kids.
Works great and nice links to Amazon if you have a prime account.
It works well for me, however, my wife seems to have cold fingers, and the touch screen does not always respond. One other odd quirk. If the tablet is turned off, and you plug it in to charge it, it automatically turns on. You then have to wait until it boots, and then turn it off again. This is very annoying. Before recommending to someone, I would tell them about this annoying quirk.
purchased for my grandson. He loves it. When setting up be sure to update the software
It takes a little getting used to if you are used to Android
It needs the Internet to connect to your devices and play music. Sometimes you can be cut off. The rest of the time it is easy as can be.
My baby boy has one, I knew my girl would love it as well. Fun games and the AppStore has access to new games and books.
Item work well and was easy to read from in day light
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it
So much better than the original one I had. I would definitely buy another one.
Battery life isn't great, but overall for what I paid it is a good tablet for my kids. I did inadvertently purchase the wrong color and when I returned to the store to exchange it, the store mgr was a bit of a jerk and would not allow me to do so, despite being Elite Plus and being under 45 days. That aside it's a good tablet, but I was very disappointed in the customer service issue.
No instructions on adding the memory card and how to move things to the card vs on internally.
I bought this for my 6 year old nephew for Christmas! He LOVES it and it has a great warranty!
Good product for a young child to play with without breaking
I bought this for my almost 3 year old niece and her dad told me she loves it! It has really cute educational games on it and is pretty much indestructible with the case on it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the charger has broken already.
Great at home but still trying to figure out what apps work not connected to wifi
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
The images are crisp and text very easy to read. Apps are good and easy to navigate. Love it.
So far I haven't had any trouble with this tablet. Only thing that sucks is this I can't text from it. If anyone who's an app for it let me know! Thank you !
Kid prof and comes with free books and games I like it
grandson really enjoyed it Christmas. very easy to use
Quality comes with apps installed durrible love the case
I like this ereader. It is a little small, but you can increase the font.
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet it's great!! The perfect size to fit in my purse so that I can take it with me. I would definitely recommend to a friend.
We bought it for our granddaughter and she absolutely loved it!
This tablet has many educational games for a preschooler.
My 3 yr old son loves his tablet. He takes it almost everywhere and it keeps him entertained.
I love this tablet for kids .. it's so much fun for them .. great buy ...
Tablet is very easy to use and navigate the internet
I wanted a lighted ebook reader and also access to the internet in a small format. The Fire meets my needs at a great price.
This met my expectations and more. My granddaughter loves it. It's user friendly and has unlimited options for her. Would recommend to everyone!
While the Fire hd8 tablet certainly will not perform like some of the more expensive units, for basic web surfing, email, and especially shopping on Amazons web site, this tablet performs well, although it will occasionally freeze while surfing some sites. The screen resolution is what I would call 'adequate', but not on par with other high resolution (and far more expensive) tablets out there.Overall, I am pleased with this tablet-so far.
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
Bought this for my two yr old and she loves it not to mention super durable.
great product to use , easy to setup and use.. with all amazon options
Serves its purpose for the price. Would much rather have the iPad for ease of use, but it is well protected and good my my toddler to play with and not make me worry about it being broken.
I really liked the many facets of the Tablet. Presence of Alexa does provide opportunity for Adults to play and surprise by it.The only caveat is Amazon Free Time is for only 1 Year which Amazon should increase by atleast 1 year for Prime Members but thats more of service and no complains on Tablet.
It was all that my grandson wanted and didn't have to search everywhere to find it.
I am pleasantly surprised at how well this works. I bought the e reader and it didn't work so I was nervous buying this kindle. But it works great and my son loves it!
I love having real books, but these are great for travel and keeping your bookshelves lighter. I wish you could buy them with larger storage without having to buy the larger size pad. It also sucks that they are 4gig, but 1gig is taken up by the OS and advertising. Seriously? It reads PDFs and needs a 1 gig OS. Lame. The last thing I would change is being able to reverse the lettering so at night you could have white lettering and a black background, so it's less bright on the eyes.
I love my new Amazon Fire! I was very easy to use..
I bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. He used to look up everything on his smartphone, and watched Netflix on it too, but this tablet beats it with speed and overall performance. It also takes really good pictures. Every member of my family owns one of the Kindle Fire tablets.
It is a perfect gift for kids and great warranty...
I was looking for a tablet for my 5 year old. This tablet was definitely worth the price and it's not a "kiddie" tablet, as she calls them.
We got this tablet for our toddler. The setup was going great. Installed all the apps from Amazon and transferred them to his account. Then we went to load Netflix for him. To say it's been frustrating with the Netflix app is an understatement. We had to completely reset the tablet to factory settings twice. Netflix does not work well with this tablet. It either takes too long to load and times out or will not load at all. It takes several attempts to get Netflix to load but then it works. That's the only complaint. Other then that it's great.
It's the perfect tablet for a kid to watch cartoons and play games. The protection is awesome!
I purchased the Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb for my 75 year old mother after she broke her old tablet by dropping it. It took her a few hours to get used to it. Now, I cannot separate her away from it because it entertains her in so many ways and best of all she can drop the tablet and it will still work.
Download can be slow at times.Overall good product.
This product is significantly improved over my previously owned first generation Kindle and first generation Fire. The resolution is better, the programmable features are more numerous and the response is quicker.
My kids are 18 months and 4 and they love this tablet. It's easy for them to use and very lightweight
Great product. Highly recommended. Great value and great price
Good product with very nice price. Love it! Will return again.
i have had not issues with my purchase. i found a great cover for it on line on amazon and use it every night. thank you for your service.
Good size for reading and screen is easy to read. Even in sun light this was very easy to read and it fit into n small bag to carry around
Set up for kids right out of the box. Can't beat Amazon's warranty either. Thanks for providing an outstanding product.
Simple to use and setup for a 2 years old toddler.
purchased for my mother-in-law for Mothers Day, she is not a computer person, the ease of use was great for her!!! just touch the pic!!
I am really enjoying my new kindle fire hd 8. The picture is awesome even for a movie. I use it mostly to read with an occasional game or movie too. Colors are great and the size of the screen is very nice. I have a 7 inch fire and there is enough size difference for movies etc to make it worthwhile. Plus there was a great black Friday price.
Tablet has worked without a hitch. We bought it for my father, who is just shy of 80. With a couple of instructions, he's been using it without further assistance.
Bought for my grandson. He loves playing with it and enjoys the videos.
Great price great product would recommend this gift
Nothing is perfect (even IPad). But for what you can do with this product for this price it is real excellent. Have more than one. One for work and one for home.
Kids love their Kindles!!! Amazon freetime allows them access to tons of age appropriate content. They love the games, apps and videos available to them based on their age. The only reason I give this 4 stars is due to the charging connectors. They are not "kid friendly" and the kids bent both of them upon the first time they unplugged their devices on their own. Otherwise, Kindle kids is amazing!!!
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
Never without my Amazon HD 8 - great for reading, games and surfing the networks.
got this as a gift for my boyfriend he loves that it is very convenient and easy to use.
We have an iPad but bought this for the kids unlimited prime content. We have enjoyed it and it has a lot that the iPad doesn't. The menu could be more friendly but I like the parental limits it has.
Very nice tablet. Durable if dropped. My grand daughter loves it.
This has been awesome. For my. 5 year old nephew. Keeps him entertained and it works great.
I would recommend this for kids ages 6 to 10. They can play al kinds of games that can be downloaded
I bought these for my niece and nephews for Christmas. They love them! They know how to turn them on and locate an app. I love being able to set time limits so they aren't on their tablets very often! Great investment!
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
Very easy to handle. many books to choose from and very convenient
I love my kindle it makes it so much easier to read books instead of having to carry them with me
Good tablet for a 1 yr old. At first was not interested and still not but bought in in case and maybe one day if they decided to use it on a road trip. Good product for the price
I got this tablet for Skype calls and browsing. It's good if you don't have an ample scope of tasks
I was worried that my son wasnt going to like the software, but he's having lots of fun with it
Picked this up for my two year old granddaughter. She loves it and its the first thing she picks up to play with. She can play a lot of the age appropriate games and can navigate around really easily. I even use it sometimes!
The Kindle is amazing. This is my second one. The price was misleading however as I had to pay something like another extra 30 bucks to get rid of the ads. Just know that
Will work well for the purpose it was purchased. My child will love the fun and games that he can play. Very child appropriate and user friendly. I would encourage any parent to buy this product.
This is a good size tablet! It is fast and responsive.
I purchase this tablet for my daughter's birthday and she absolutely loves it I am very pleased that she's not able to get online or to get on YouTube and watch crazy videos which she previously did with other tablets we have you actually get to pick the games and books to put on it you manage everything from the parent account and it is locked with your personal password and the kids can't get into it. I would say the only downfall is you cannot download anything from the Google Play store since it is an Amazon tablet.
Had to get this tablet it was a great price and came with free amazon movies for a year, I just had to change the case.
Easy to use, love the color and my daughter loves it. Easy to set up very happy with my purchase.
My daughter loves this tablet. She drops it and it keeps going. she can't put it down.
My granddaughter is very happy great for kids to learn , reading help
This tablet was a gift for my mother-in-law. She is technologically challenged and was able to set it up and use it with ease. Great multiuse tablet. The size is ok. Get the 8" if you are like me and like a little more screamReal estate.
My 6 and 4 year old boys love it and so do the parents
This size holds more apps and content. It's pretty lightweight too.
I purchased this tablet for my 4 year old daughter and its FANTASTIC! Its durable and very user friendly! Love all all the free educational games, movies & books!
So I was trying this out before giving it to my son and ended up playing the games for like an hour! Some of the games are amazing quality! Just like the cartoon shows, but more interactive. We bought 2 for my twins to use on an upcoming plane ride and can't wait to see their reactions! Love it!
I looked at multiple other brands, some cheaper by 20-40 bucks. This is the only one that guarantees your kid cant break it for 2 years!!!! Drinks have spilled on it, its been dropped, thrown sat on and not a thing wrong with it.
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.
Works better than the 7" Amazon Fire tablet I have. Better screen, faster processor and bigger to boot.
Good customer service during my quest to get a good deal and quality gadget.
Child loves it. Can be used for more than just a time killer. Can learn from it.
Tablet is easy for children to use and the battery lasts!
Purchased as a gift, perfect for small children! Easy to use especially for children's apps with the touch screen.
Purchased for my 3 year old, love that it comes with Kindle Freetime (which is almost $80 on it's own). It's perfect for curious fingers prone to swiping and clicking wherever, since the parental controls lock it down to keep them from being able to exit their own profile. Our first unit had an issue after updating the OS, but Amazon is amazing and exchanged the device, no questions asked. I would have gone through Best Buy, but our local one didn't have the pink one in stock anymore. I would have preferred that it didn't come with a camera or microphone for privacy reasons (my older kids 3 year old Kindle Fire HDs don't have a camera or microphone). All-in-all, it is a great device for little ones, but definitely enough power and features to grow with them.
The Fire HD8 strikes an excellent balance between performance and price. It has many of the features you'd want in a tablet for a fraction of the cost. Works flawlessly for reading and video streaming.
Great Product, User Friendly and can't be beaten for the promotion prices.
my son loves his new tablet. now he can play his games without making a mess of my phone.
Just what she needed to keep her interested in short games & letters
The protective rubber guard works so well. Easy parental controls
This is a great little tablet for my son. It is easy for him to navigate through and it also has parental controls . I can control how long he uses it and what he reads.
This was the first tablet we purchased for our kids and love it.
Excellent Reader and Product for the price. Very easy to use
Great price, great item and high quality, simple to buy on line and pick up
Great for kids. My grandson (5 years) is very happy with it
Does everything we wanted. Great value for the price.
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.
I bought this tablet to be pretty much exclusively an e-reader. It's actually cheaper than most of the kindles. For that limited use, it works fine. I don't think I would want to use it as a general purpose table (too slow!). Makes a fine e-reader though. As for recommending this to a friend, I would, but would make sure they knew what I use it for.
This is just the right size and can put games on it just like an iPad.
Used it and looks very paper like. They integrated the simplest form of an e reader, which makes it stand out for its use.
I got this for my kid, because it is tailored for kids. They liked it and it worked.
My grandson loved this. He is 4 and it was perfect.
It's was on sale on this color,put the play store and made it real Android tablet
It is so easy to use it is super light, and makes a book to read with no effort at all!
Bought for 4yr old, so older kids would stop saying don't touch that. Comes with durable child case. Large enough to see and hold, but small enough to carry. Easy to use and can download favorite stuff.
I bout this item for my granddaughter for Christmas. It has games that she enjoys playing The case protects the device very well. It also can be set up for age appropriate games etc. As she gets older you can change that. It is bigger than an iPod and smaller than an iPad and has a better price. Since it is a google device you can go there to get more apps
I love that the kids can only do what you allow them to they can't get to the internet unless you put it on there profile which I don't because I have a four and 2 year old, there apps are very easily accessed and are big so they can b seen very well . also these tablets double and can b used as a regular tablet for grown ups
Amazing video quality easy to maneuver wonderful screen size easy set up
My granddaughter like's her tablet, she has learning a lot.the case is durable and I was glad that the case came in pink.
This was a great purchase and would definitely buy this again. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is a programmer glitch. They need to fix screen where little ones can't stop or change icons while they are watching or playing games. Frustrating for two year old to stop cartoons by accidentally touching screen
This is my 2nd tablet and it works great with downloading
Got it when it was on sale. Totally fall in love with it. Bring with it me everywhere.
I've purchased other kids tablets, but this is the best. It's user friendly and interactive. My grandson carries it with him where ever he goes.
Tablets are excellent for Youth Sunday School class.
Excellent for what you pay and always good shopping at Bestbuy
I really like it my complants is that it gives them to many choices that they try to pick all of the apps.
I'm enjoying the ease of having several reading options without the bulk.
Amazon has consistently delivered quality tablets at the best prices and this is no exception.
I got it for my grand daughter's third birthday. The memory is small with the original purchase but you can buy more and I was okay with that.
(accidentally posted the wrong review for wrong tablet earlier)This tablet is a steal for the price. I have an old version but bought this one for my sister. You can read books, magazines, stream shows, play games, stream music, and use almost any big named app you can get on google play or apple store. It also gives you a month free of Amazon Prime which gives you so much more to do with this tablet. Honestly considering buying one myself a new one.
It is great to be able to have all you books in the same place...
Great apps, excellent price, my kids really enjoy it
Love the apps. His old fire stood up to significant wear/tear and drops. So I'm expecting the same with this one. 2 year warranty gives piece of mind.
Thanks. We really like this tablet . It's easy to use
Got this for my grand niece, she loves it. Can't beat it for the price.
I have enjoyed using the Fire HD. It is fast and easy to use. I also appreciate all the things it will do.
The Apple Watch is great. I am very happy with the purchase.
Love to rad my books with my kindle and download straight from my device. So easy and safe. Lovit. Thanks Best Buy
Bought for Christmas for 6 and 8 year old granddaughters. Both girls loved it and have said it was their favorite gift.
My son is 3 and he loves this tablet. It is very educational and worth the money
Didnt know how much i'd use a kindle so went for the lower end. im happy with it, even if its a little dark
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to.
I bought this for a family member with a disability. I didn't see any reviews for this purpose but so far it is working well. I felt the case would help if it was accidentally dropped.
Really great love tge tablet really easy for my daughter, learning! I do wish it had more storage, and more items for kids. But we do love the tablet.
They had the tablet in stock and it is nice that it has the child settings
This tablet is for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!
Bought this for my Granddaughter's 10th birthday. She LOVES it!!! The protective case it is in is AWESOME and the perfect pink for a girl!
I bought these for my five and six-year-olds and they love the games and educational apps that come with it loaded from Amazon prime for free for a whole year. Great value for the money I will be referring this product to all of my friends.
I bought this for reading/listening books. Love the availability to expand the memory. Now I can load movies and tons of books! :-)
The only draw back to this device is no internet service included. My 1 year old granddaugther loves hers and I don't leave home without it.
these tablets work wonders for my needs, i didnt need a tablet to work, only for web browsing and play some games. nothing fancy, this tablet fits perfectly for that. and the price...pff perfect. ! you wont find this quality cheaper.
Good little tablet for media. Lack of built in Google apps is annoying but can be bypassed without rooting.
I've purchased 5 of these for my kids the last few years. While they are playing a tablet or two, I keep the other tablets charged. I've enjoyed using them myself.
I have not stopped reading on this amazon fire. Love it!!
We bought three including one for my 2 year old. We all love it! The only complaint is the volume. There is one speaker and so the sound is obviously lower than most other tablets with two speakers. It doesn't bother us too much but that's why we give it 4/5 stars. Overall a great tablet.
Great tablet for kids to learn puzzles and letters. Has tons of activities for children and a full tablet for adults perfect if you have pime!
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
My Grandson loves his tablet we got him. Very safe
I loooooove this tablet as well as my 3 year old with all the kids apps make it way more fun and safe for kids to enjoy
Hey we bought this for our 2 year old grandson and he loves it. Very easy to use and very durable!
Quality comes with apps installed durrible love the case
can not do without my kindle fire.I had an earlier model 4 years ago.it is still going , just wanted a backup.
I bought my Kindle because I heard it was good for reading in direct sunlight. I’ve got a bay window I like to read at and other tablets I’ve read on produce a lot of glare. This has zero glare and I can’t wait to take it camping this Spring/Summer/Fall. A side note, this is way lighter than any book (as you may have guessed). I like to read on my back and having this has drastically increased the amount of time I can read for.
I bought this for my grandson and it hasn't disappointed me at all! He loves his tablet! I am looking at buying his sister one next!
I purchased the kindle light because I love to read and needed something that would not die quickly. I also needed something smaller and lighter that could go anywhere with me. I love my purchase and a must have for all book worms.
Great tablet with a lot of features. Great price too.
I love my kindle it makes it so much easier to read books instead of having to carry them with me
I bought this tablet for it's inexpensive price and quality. it's meant to be a portal to be able to purchase more products from Amazon and services but it really is a high-quality product.
This is a very good tablet. The only con is you may have to reboot it too often.
Great for reading. Best part is its light weight and long battery life.
Great learning apps. My 3 year old won't put it down.
It is a solid product great for kids I like it a lot
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
I purchased this tablet for my grandson who is 4 years old. He loves it!
Bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he loves it good learning tool along with great fun for him!
Gift for great nephew. Have 2 that are 5 and 6 y/o. Both love these tablets because each got one. Play with them as much as Mom allows.
You have the ability to set up on and off times for your child's profile. The apps are good and adults can use it as well, because you can have multiple password protected profiles on the tablet at once. This was perfect for my five year old on a five thousand mile plus plane trip.
I purchase 2 on Super Bowl Sunday for my 5 & 7 year old birthday. It was the perfect gift, because the 2 love their gift. The tablets was for a girl and a boy, so I purchase a pink & a blue. The tablet is very child proof.
This Amazon Fire is better then I expected. It does exactly what I need it to do. Fits in my bag, very light weight. Love that I can carry so many book on one device.
Great product easy to set up and use my child loves it
A bargain for the price especially for the coverage of the warranty. A gift for my 4 year old granddaughter. Things can happen to it. She absolutely loves it and pretty easy to use!
She loves it, plays with it everyday all day. Thanks
This tablet is great for kids my grandson is sick and he absolutely loves it
My wife loves the tablet! She's only using it for internet so far and it has worked flawlessly!
Great choice, battery life outstanding, many kid friendly features.
My 3 1/2 year old grandson son LOVES this "big game" as he calls it.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas since our daughter uses the other tablet all the time. He has barely put it down since he opened it!! He uses it mostly for reading and some internet browsing. Overall I am happy with the product and have had no issues so far.
Bought this for my wife. She is a constant reader and put away her previous Kindles for this one. She now has internet access also, so she can find more books anytime she wants.
I love that this is a real adult tablet with kids programming installed. Biggest downfall is that my son has trouble switching from app to app, otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. The pull up menu eat the bottom isn't very responsive to his little hands.
Have been using my kindle app on my iPad for years but now can't Imagine using anything besides my kindle to read. Love the backlight so I can read at night.
This product was purchased for my Grandson. He had a fire 6. He however loves the HD 8. He uses it for music & gaming mostly. Great electronic device.
I thought it would be good for my 2year old he does awesome on a iPad but could not get the hang of the kindle fire
Got one for my 4yr old. She loves it. It's very durable. I love that I can switch accounts and use it for myself too.
My daughter like the tablet and she use the tabet everday
My 2 years old daughter really likes it. It's friendly and easy to use.
We brought this as a replacement for the fifteen to fifty books my daughter wanted to take with her to Hawaii. Books of course would weigh a lot and there be no room for cloths. Pesky airline and their poundage issues. Now she can take a hundred books and she has a mini computer. It's a win win but no win for the airlines!
I bought this for my daughter. It's a little limited in what it can do, but she loves it. She's a little too young to understand the games, but she loves watching cartoons on it.
I bought this tablet to replace one I had (different brand) that was worn out. This is a pretty good tablet for the price. I just wanted something to use til I could get something bigger. I've had no problems with it other than some of the games I played on my other one not being available on the Fire.
My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!
BOUGHT FOR MY GRANDKIDS AGES 5-10 AND THEY LOVED IT
I purchased this tablet for my grandmother to use. She loves it. It is easy to navigate for her. The only thing that annoys her is when the apps need to be updated. She does not have internet at home so she has to wait to update her apps when she visits family (who has internet service).
These were ordered one for 4 year old and then ordered second one for 2 year old. They are easy to use and age appropriate apps for each of them.
I have two of these for my kids. Ages 2 and 3. They are great for them to watch cartoons and they are slowly getting into the puzzles, books and games on them. Easy to setup and link to amazon account. Only gave it 4 stars because the one downfall is that these tablets are bit on the slow side when either downloading content or loading up some videos. Kids are less patient than adults you know. Overall, well worth the money.
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
Excellent product,my children love this item. Thanks
Boxed well, easy to set up, and pretty easy to get the hang of.
Great selections. Hard to find assistance at times.
My daughter loves playing with this. There are so many features, that it keeps her busy.
Small & without audio but easy to use. Able to connect to Amazon account & Goodreads account easily. The only thing I hate is that I have to keep restarting it if I want to get out of a ebook that I’m currently reading
Replaced a kindle 6 that crashed so fare everything is great. Larger screen fast response,more storage. Don't have to charge as often. Well pleased.
I am very satisfied with my purchase my girlfriend is very happy
I bought this as a gift for my grandkids. They absolutely love it!
What is there to say, but that I love it. Functions well, and lasts a long time.
Great learning tool with extensive amounts of material to use. Accident proof bumper a big plus!
Great for my kids and is easy to block purchases. Even better if you have amazon prime.
Great idea for a 5 years old. very secure and good contents for that age.
Excellent product very good piece strongly recommend
Much sleeker and touch response is better. Even wifi connection seems faster might be due to new processor and increase in RAM
Searched around for the perfect tablet for my 3 year old. After testing tablets in stores and reading reviews online the kids fire stood out. The 2 year warranty and free year access to kids content is amazing. The soft foam case provides coverage for drops, the battery life is good for a few hours of play time and the charge time is quick after. For the money this tablet cannot be beat , only minor issue ive noticed is having connection issue with networks at times but this is can be fixed by disconcerting and reconnecting to network. Overall this is a Best Buy for the money, tablet can also be used for adults when you exit the free time app.
he loved it was a great gift easy to use, small and great
Easy to set up and durable grandpa dropped it and no issues
Bought this for my son, it's been through some stuff and still going strong
Purchased this for my grandchildren for Christmas and they absolutely love it, haven't put it down since they received them...Thanks Best Buy!!!
Love the parental controls and more storage than previous models, but still seems to run out.
Haven't had any issues until recently my son's tablet won't charge anymore. Called geek support but they couldn't locate warranty so I'll have to go in
It freezes a lot. Lots of problems getting games to cooperate. But overall, my son loves it.
I bought this tablet for my daughter who was turning 2 - but also because we were taking an 8 hour road trip and wanted her to be occupied. The games are very toddler user friendly and when she gets mad and throws it, it doesn't effect the tablet. My only issue is that the charger doesn't stay secure in the charger spot (sorry I don't know the technical terms haha) so sometimes I will think it is charging and in fact it is not. I recommend buying the warranty for issues like that.
MY DAUTHER LOVES THIS TABLET, IS EXCELLENT FOR A 3 YEARS OLD CHILDREN
This is just perfect for my 7 year old nothing fancy, parental control is a bit confusing but i got it now, the case is perfect to keep it.safe just get a sd card for extra memory
nice item, and cute. the tablet is difficult to navigate
very good product and service will refer a friend.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the Kindle for sale IN the store!! I love my Kindle, especially since I was able to expand the memory! I love that it's portable, to be honest, when given the choice, I find my self on my Kindle over my laptop.The only thing I can complain about, is why in the world Amazon choose s to make it nearly a miracle to find a case for its most popular model?????If you don't have a Kindle, you don't know what your missing!!
My son is constantly distracted and loves technology. Him being only two years old, this proved to be the perfect thing to keep him occupied and out of trouble.
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
Love the case, table works very well, easy to download game and apps, but the life of the battery is not great. The battery fully charged only last about 3-4 hours
Purchased as a replacement for a Kindle and it functions well as a Kindle and a tablet.
My son's love there tablet. Great but for the price
Bought this for my grandson. The first one had issues and Best Buy exchanged it. My grandson loves it!!!
Samsung Experience Professionals Jon, Neil and Tony were an ideal match for someone looking to upgrade to a new phone. The sales deal was unbelievable - $200 Best Buy card upon upgrade to a Galaxy 7 phone. The sales points that won my business were battery life and charging power. New phone can connect wireless charge without adapter. I am a very happy customer.
My 3 1/2 year old grandson son LOVES this "big game" as he calls it.
My niece loved it! I love that it is designed especially for kids. She
This was a gift for Christmas. We bought this on a black Friday sale. Price was reasonable
Got this to replace my iPhone that my daughter constantly has to have to watch her Elmo videos. This is a durable perfect solution. She understands most of the apps and can navigate to watch whatever she wants. This comes with a warranty that if she does anything to break it, it will be replaced for free. That was the final selling point I needed!
Great product easy to use. My niece loves it won't put it down.
My 4 year old love to watch movies and this is perfect for him!
I've wanted a kindle for a while and decided to get it when BB put it on sale. I am not disappointed.
My order came on time and great price. This item is a gift for a family member.
Bought for my children. Holds plenty of apps. Safe to use with parental controls. Pretty durable but definitely recommend buying a screensaver and case for it.
I bought this primarily to be used as a Kindle eReader and this is a good product for this cost.. The only drawback is that I cannot access all the apps available on the Google PlayStore and have to be content with what is available on the Amazon app store.
Fought it for a long time, but Kindle is awesome. The newer version with adjustable light is best for me.
I have had 4 kindles over the years , got to have one to read my books & relax
We are so pleased with this tablet. We purchased one for each of our grandsons. They can all use them, play games together and send messages to the grandparents once in awhile.
I bought this and onother one in blue. The kids love it.
I purchased these tablets for my grandchildren after purchasing 1 for another grandchild in October. They love them and their parents love being able to dictate how they use them.
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
This is the 3rd one I've purchased. I've bought one for all of my nieces. No other case compares to this one. It has held protected the tablet so many times from them dropping it.
My only problem with this tablet is if you don't have internet you lose the pictures of the games you have installed and you have to guess to open them.
I purchased this Kindle for my daughter and she really enjoys using it !!
My 5 year old sons love it , Seems to be well made .
Great value, a lot of color choices. I was able to boost up the memory for just a little extra but made the apps run so much faster. Love them
This tablet is great and easy to use. Great way to keep the kids entertain.
Product was a Christmas gift, to replace and older Kindle Fire
We already had a tablet for our son and it was time to get one for our daughter. They are a good learning tool.
This is the second one I've bought for my kids. The each have their own tablet now. As a parent I like that I can set limits...such as screen time, reading, videos etc. You can control everything. It can be educational aswell. Their is alot of educational apps on the device to download. Such as wikipedia,farmers almanac etc. Patents should look through and discover apps with the kids to get full use of the tablet. It continues to update regularly.
I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old and he loves it! Very easy to use and setup.
Great upgrade/replacement. No problems with it at all.
Great tablet other than the photo image quality is fuzzy and not the best.
I love my kindle fire. Its a great reading device.
This is just what we needed for a you k8d ..the apps are great
easy to use plenty of space for a kid recommend warranty
4 year old grand daughter loves it. Good size for her and easy to operate.
Over all pretty good product.i am not so sure if it's got Bluetooth connectivity. i've had it for a few months now and kids seem to enjoy it a lot.certainly I recommend to anyone who wants to give their kids the "best "gift.
Bought as a gift but have not had any issues with products purchased from you
I use this every day on my commute. Great battery life, no backlight but very readable with normal lighting. I like the built in dictionary. Email yourself pdf or mobi files for easy transfers.
This is a great tablet because of all the preloaded games and ability to add more for free. It keeps my kids entertained and is the best for learning.
Great easy tablet for a reasonable price. Not the most super powerful. It can get the job done for simple tasks such as surfing the web, checking email, playing YouTube, etc. screen is clear and responsive. Great inexpensive tablet
This tablet is great, and it has a good battery life. I'd recommend for people who love to read.
We gave this tablet to our nine year old Grandaughter for her birthday. She loves it and we feel it is very sturdy. That is a very good thing when it comes to tablets and children.
This tablet was a gift for my father-in-law and is his first tablet ever. He is really enjoying getting to know his way around it. It's definitely user friendly and perfect for reading, music, and things like that!
Good tablet but no YouTube kids like on iPhone. Don't expect iPhone/pad quality very basic AppStore for children
This tablet is AWESOME for kids. She is 3 years old and has had it since Christmas. It is easy for her to use and play on her own. It has been dropped multiple times and you'd never know it!!
This is a entry level ereader that only allows you to read in the day...you will not be able to read in the dark
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
Great for small children allows for limited time setting. Also allows parents to set a requirement for how long educational apps must be used before free time. Case works well
My daughter loves her kindle! Seems to keep her busy!!
works great for my 2 year old. I don't like that it requires a pin to use it but goodidn't and strong tablet
WISH the kindle fire (for kids) had better way to limit how many items you can download at once. Most kids do not understand that clicking on a bunch of pictures will download that game/program, which is CLOG download times. Needs a better way to remove unwanted items, rather than clicking.. and clicking on every item. Speed and performance is pretty good for a tablet. App store is great and has many items.

